@Admins can one of you send out that signups are open for Saturday?

Nvm I got it

@Admins can you guys help me pick a time in the next 3 days (1st, 2nd, 3rd) that we can all 3 be on to talk about scrims stuff?

I can free up my schedule for whenever

Stanley are you good for like 6pm tomorrow
Or maybe after scrims if they happen

oh didn't see this
it's a bit difficult to say when i am free, but maybe sometime later tomorrow?
or today
like
after scrims time
ok lets say around 9 or so
just let us know

Pog

I’ll be home a bit late
I’ll keep you guys posted
If you guys want to hop on and I’ll get in around 9:15-9:30?

I’m home at 9:20
@Admins can you guys get into the discussion call at 9:20
* nowish
yea gimme like 5
okk

@Stanley is sam signed up for a day thats just a space?
it doesnt matter if he is jw

What do you need from us this week btw
Since I'm the one like
not going to school
I am down to take some of the load off of your back
if you want

uh
ill get back to you in a bit

sure
@Stanley can you change none to blake
on friday and saturday
and also add psycho carrot to both of those days

Erik probably not much but maybe try and make sure people who are usually free sign up? But Idk how much there is left to do this week
How about I just let you know if I need anything?

@Stanley can you make a command that returns the amount of players signed up for a given day?

What do we do for people who haven’t really played ranked this season
AKA me and maybe others
Peak rank from when the server was created
I’ve already updated everyone

Oh pog ty
Let me know what you need me to do this week
I’m picking up dinner then I can do stuff

i might need you to do clips for 1 or 2 of the games if thats ok
sure
we do that after the games yea
wait
dumb question

@Stanley i think a better solution to the bot would just be logging discord names
bc now we have 2 people in the server who have the same name

@Olaf (Erik O.) eta on saturday's clips?

I can have them in the drive by 6 at the latest
Sound good?
That’ll give you time to see which ones you need for your format
yeah seems good
It was nice for the first time in a while today so I went for a walk
oh nice
i can only walk for 30 minutes
since
quarantine
Wait what
its too cold here to walk around :sadbug:
-Temp-  Brought to you by @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi), welcome to Scrim Zone’s First Emote Competition! We are asking you, the members of this server, to create an original emote that can be used server wide, for either scrim related purposes or just for fun! All emotes are to abide by server rules, so the use of offensive imagery or inappropriate language is strictly prohibited, and may result in a warning. All content has to be original, and by no means has to be a piece of artwork; just something fun to add to the server! Please DM any and all emotes to @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi)  and she will collect them, and by the deadline will display them all in #announcements to be voted on by you, the members of the server! All emotes are due by March 12th midnight! The voted winner of this competition will receive a code for a $10 RP card from Mimi! Happy creating!
Oh that’s cute
very pogges
i'm actually finishing up recordings rn

shurima + ixtal = one region
aatrox - shurima alistar - noxus annie - noxus aurelion sol - targon bard - targon brand - freljord
fiddlesticks - demacia? evelynn - demacia?
fizz - bilgewater
jax - shurima
kindred - ?
lucian - demacia/shadow isles
nami - targon
nocturne - demacia/shadow isles
ryze - demacia
senna - demacia/shadow isles
shaco - shadow isles?
tahm kench - bilgewater
zilean - shurima

@Olaf (Erik O.) @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) im doing a playtest rn so i can probably be on at like 6-6:20 to finish our discussion
sorry i forgot about this ealier
lmk what times this afternoon work for you two
@Stanley if you have free time today i can fill you in as well
nw 6ish works best for me too
all good
I had to make a decklist for a tournament i forgot i was in
for MTG
LMAO
lol
yike

alright finished
its an 100 card singleton format
commander?
also i can be on now
@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) @Olaf (Erik O.)
gimme a few finishing up food

@Admins can we get in call at some point this weekend/next week and talk about how this went?
Yeet
Wait aren't we all
doing clash tomorrow?
yes
😄
wait
do it then
duh
ok yeah
lmao
haha
LMAO
all good
We could just have peter in the discussion because I think he might be able to help because me, mimi, and him all said we had fun
yep
we might just wanna find ways to improve it
ok
sure
yeah
i curbed a nono word from a teammate
:^)
same yeah
ok off i go back to my report
oh mimi thank you for addressing that by the way, I didn't say anything additional to it because you said it already but I appreciate it
what is the first leteter of said word?
r
ok yeah same with ours
i assume blake?
yea
hj
oof idk what my keyboard did
but yes
ok
mine were psycho and cylako
not to call anything out but just be wary when it come to future incidents
you're good i appreciate that

yeah im glad i nipped it in the bud
and replaced a gamer word with a swag word
so to speak
"pickle rick"
god youre such a "pickle rick"
no it wasnt there
that%*
i am
sorry rbain is on 200000 milea n hour drank 2 monster doing lab report
kidding
KLMAO
SPEED Mimi
IM NEARLY DONE WITH IT
AND IT LOOK LIKE
AN HOUR
SO FAR
F
fat l
NO THATS GOOD
IM ZOOMIN
still more time than youd want to spend on it
tho
i can guarantee
you dont wake up
and say
today's gonna be a good day
i have hw to do
i said that, but replace hw with regional scrims :)

i just wrote a 4 page lab report
sheesh
Pogar

Do server logs show deleted messages?
no
just that something was deleted
ok
bc
thers a bot you can get that shows what was deleted iirc
vernon claims that someone pinged him
and
idk who
oh m
but it would have to be a shadow ping
bc
its not showing up anywhere
he also told whoever did it to hang themselves
bujt
uh
uh
thats a
thats a seperate thing
strike
uh oh
?
yes
im addressing it after
kk
it wasnt
":go hang yourself"
it was
"rope"
but
thts the same fucking message
tbh
same intent
i pinged
"here"
holy shit
hahaa
LMAO
i am the culprit all along
oh lawd
the dreaded
"here" ping
dean was the imposter
well
time to go kill myself
:)
or
"rope"
as the kids say

nobody sent in emotes :sadbug:

the results channel is broken
How did I fuck it up
What do
i cant see it
like i keep getting notifs for it
but i don’t have perms to see the channel
Oh no
Fixed?
I think I blocked all admins from
Reading it
Oops
fixed
Pog
I’m just a dumbass apparently lol

do you just want to like
extend emote competition to like
4:20 or something
4/20
give it like a month or so
bc a lot of ppl have expressed mild interest
but seem busy/ dont know if its still running
@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi)

ye
sounds good
ok just post an announcement about it
basically
just like
deadline extended to x, basic reminder about how it works, and like make sure ppl know it doesnt have to be high effort
and say like
minimum 5 submissions for there to be a prize
i cant type in annoucments
:sadbug:
should be fixed?
pawg

@Admins which of you can be on tonight for scrims?
not me unfortunately friends birthday
garretts? lol
damn
i can if we need
thanks for the emote post
ok
bet

I can if it like
Gets us up to 10
Ok
How many we at rn
6?
I’ve been in bed all day cuz I got 4 hours of sleep
I’ll sign up and see if we can coax more ppl
Ok
Don’t feel like you need to
Im goid
I like playing league with friends
Even if I might play doodoo
Me too !
Just to state how tired I am
I was 1 millisecond away from just typing “Friday” in the signups
Big
My genius is overflowing
Get another 20 mins if you need lol

no
hana’s
Wait I knew that
Lmao
Duh

stnaley
do we need to all chat less
i can tell our team to stop if needed
yeah it was getting a little on our nerves, not too bad tho
ok

@Admins are you guys free sometime before friday at 7
i can be free more afternoon ish
ok i think link might be easier for scheduling
but in terms of afternoon im free like 4:30-6:30 both days
yes but i dont know plan for friday yet
ah true
no link anymore
lets plan on like 5 tomorrow afternoon and whoever can make it can make it?

@Olaf (Erik O.) @Stanley are you guys free anytime this afternoon
yeah any time  really
ok
lets aim to get in discussion call around 5
for region rules
whats the reasoning behind the specific champ bans?
am curious
read first letter of each champ
OH
HAHAHAHA
:outplayed:
:outplayed:
yeah i noticed that
dont say anything to the uh non admins
:)
will do boss
its funnier if no one explains it until tmrw

I’m free any time that isn’t like
A time recognizable by a clock
Time without time as they say
Also real answer I’m free in like 10 minutes from now until 8 PM
we are doing 5
Ah unfortunately that is a time zone
5pm est
So I will not be zoning
For there is time
And I cannot exist in time

we getting in after our game @Stanley
yeah im joining after my game's done

btw ill be around to help set up scrims but i dont think ill be playing
ok

region scrim rules are updated in the link
if you guys have any suggested changes before i share with the server pls let me know
im sharing it at 2

may i get credit :sadbug: :catcry:
just edit it in
if you request edit access i will give it to you
then give yourself credit!
i’m on my phone i’ll do it later

@Admins what times are good for you this week to brainstorm a new for fun game mode for next clash weekend
after 5pm thursday im free
is that what time we did last week too?
ye
how do you guys feel about just like having a meeting weekly on thursdays at 5? at least for this semester
i like it
but pref thursdays
thats what i meant oops
Oop
Sure

@Admins you guys still good for 5?
im gonna run to the br rq then ill be on
once i get back to my room yes
Ok cool
@Stanley @Olaf (Erik O.) ?
ok am here
I’ll be on in a sec
@Olaf (Erik O.) whats up stinky
get in here

5 champs of the same archetype
coach draft
for achetype, always mirror matches

@Admins did something happen at the end of game 2?
or just like
overall tilt
as in like, yall got off and no lobby
nothing in particular i think
idk i have somewhere to be
thats why i left
yeah i got some stuff to do
ok thank god
iwas worried
lol
yeah the uh
"i think lux support is the problem"
really didnt help me
xd
who said that?
idk a new person
hong i thik
xd

i think i’m gonna hold off on playing in scrims for a while
i genuinely do not have a good time

reverse draft; blind pick; nemesis; new player experience
only off role picks?

ultimate bravery

i had idea
among us

A m o g u s

I went out to dinner with Rhys yesterday and he had a good suggestion as well
We’re still good for 5 tomorrow to discuss these right?

@Admins meeting at 5 today to discuss forfun game modes before scrims tmrw
swag

KEKW
@here
Regions
Captain Draft
Archetype Draft
Nemesis Draft
Off-role Draft (<5% of games in role in iron+ league of graphs)
Ultimate Bravery (10 champions per player; set roles)
brb
New Players Experience (heal/ghost, free rotation champs only, 1 of 5 default rune pages)
Muscial Chairs (Everyone takes tp, except jungler, and uses tp off cooldown to a different lane, and until tp is back up, can only take cs from their own lane)
rq should we have bans for the gwen games ?
dont want the gwen players to just get perma dove by peters irelia
xd

i cant do thursday this week
i need to talk to all 3 of you guys abt stuff tho
so
ill schedule stuff with you guys individually and we can meet back next week as agroup?
@Olaf (Erik O.) lmk when you can talk about the clips from last week bc we gotta get those uploaded soon
@Stanley i have some coding stuff to talk to you about
@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) i have an idea for an event we can do and need ur input

oh?
just lmk whens a good time
my schedule is relatively open
most of the time

Did I send you the ones from last time
I’ll do that soon
if you did you didnt tell me you had
I’ve had a rough day lot of not good stuff I’ll explain in a call tomorrow
gotcha
sorry to hear that
No I’m just saying that rhetorically as in
I didn’t
And I will soon
gotcha

@Stanley we need to go over draft
Why
Are there complaints?

uh
just lmk when you have time
what happened boss
unbalanced teams
not like
terrible
but

@Admins is 4 today still good for all of you?
i have a meeting w my tutor at 4
but if i can get the tldr of what happened it would be appreciated

I will be at the dentist
can we find a time tmrw?
Probably? I have an interview with the election board people at 11 but nothing after that
i have 2nd dose at 11am but after that yes

Lmk when you guys are free
Since you both have stuff at 11

@Olaf (Erik O.) @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi)
also @Stanley are you free sometime in the next couple hours
im good until 3:30
i just got back
ok
i can hop on now or we can wait for the other 2
up 2 you

i’m very wiped i think i’m gonna take a nap
sounds good
gl recovering from vax
but just give me the tldr of whatever happens
yeah

I can meet now really quick if you need to
@Dean
ok yeah

I’d really like to do something cool for Msi especially b/c it’s after most ppls semesters are over so that’s kinda fun
It starts on Thursday at 9am so if we could meet sometime before then to figure something out that would be really cool
If none of you have any time I can just do everything myself ig but I’d rather not

@Olaf (Erik O.) i am in vc

do u guys need me 2 play tn
y/n
@Dean

Looking like he’s
*yes
ok i ordered food and it should be here around 8 so ill be on for 8:30
if thats ok w u bossman

@Dean

i’ll be around to help set up
@Dean
Ok

@Admins can you guys let me know when you’re available before next Friday? I have some questions about how to address something that happened and would like some outside opinions on it.
i shud be free tm
do u mind typing it out
im trying to avoid talking atm cuz my jaw is fucked
No that’s good yeah
Just don’t want to do it tonight
all g
Also tysm to whoever fixed the roles :)
me :D
:D
i like doing that
very fun
Yes
if u would like to destress
sanch is gambling atm
its so funny

im hanging with iris while im still at her house
seems like theright choice
ngl

I’ll be free after my second cavity filling
If you give my mouth an hour to go un-numb itself
Sorry I had a bad weekend so I took an extended break from the computer so I didn’t see what happened
join vc while getting ur cavity filled
like a real chad
TRUE

When is ur cavity being filled

I just finished cavity
@Dean

Okok
I’m leaving iris’ at 6 so ill@probably be home around 9-10ish
okie doke

erik finished his cavity and hops straight on league :pog:
chad behavior

As he should

ping me whn we are meeting fellas

dean are u alive my homie
Yep I can be on at 9:50? I just got home
Ok hi I’m on
@Admins
yes
“games may get heated but racial slurs have no place in league”

hmmm
how do we feel abt daev

i think hes fine
i feel like nothing he said is like bad
psycho asked if cancer offended anybody personally
and we were just kinda like meh something else could be better
and i feel like him saying its not that big of a deal is not like, incorrect, either
i feel like its a different situation if someone is like severely offended by it, which no one seems to be
:02ThumbsUp:

@Admins can we find a time this week to discuss a possible change for the server
it would be a scheduling change, bc i feel like a lot of ppls summers are fairly busy, but people still are like, playing league and would like to play scrims (presumably)

When are we meeting?

Stanley and I can both also do noon today
Although stan might be a bit late
I’ll text erik
He said that works for him too

Ok me and erik are on now, you guys can hop on when it's convenient
/ as soon as you can

Would you be interested in playing some best of 1 scrims over the summer/next few months? We are trying out set teams, so you'd know your team within the next week or so, and trades would be possible if anyone is unhappy with their teams. There would probably be a tournament at the end that would contain best of 3s but we are thinking it would be mainly bo1s. They would be at whatever time works best for each of the teams, so no need to be free at 8 on weekends if you want to participate.

let me talk to jake and king azrael as they might have full teams to play with
also, send this afterwards if they say yes:  Okay cool, we will reach out to you once we know more to ask about team preferences
or at least,  something similar

Hi Sam and congrats!!
Welcome to the team :D

@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) @Stanley have you guys asked the remaining people yet?
We should probably finalize our head count by Sunday night

@Admins are y’all free sometime tomorrow to work out our next steps for the new format
More so focused towards Sam and Stanley but it goes for all of you

@Whompa when are you available tonight?

so many ppl want to play against me am i that hated :sadbug: /hj
yeah idk lmao
i think they thought it was only a one team v another team
i expected drew to put me down as wanting to play against me cuz je flames the shit out of me :angery:
but everyone else….. damb

Should we not be in the team's text channels so that it's hidden for strategy reasons?
i obv can't be unable to see things but it could help
dean u locked me out …. how could u .
i have also been jettisoned out of sus bay
i think
can read, but can't type is probably good?
i did it to all the teams
yeah'
thats good!
yea
can i talk in my teams channel pls
oops

hey so uh fellas
is there any way i can be put in as a sub for my time at this time
because i looked at my schedule for the next 2 months and it’s pretty bonkers, i’m taking online drivers ed and i’m retaking a microbiology course for college so i don’t expect to have much free time at all
@Dean
uh
so on one hand
the time commitment for scrims should be like
1 hour per week
max
and on the other hand, i'd be a lot more willing to say yes if you could find us a support player thats like bronze-iron to take your place
someone new just joined the server
so ill ask them what rank they are
but
its a tough situation
oh it’s only like an hour per week?
then that’s fine i can do that
i thought it was gonna be more time consuming
yeah bc like you already play with everyone on your team anyway
so
ok swag awesome
srry for the scare
except heelie
all good
yeah
teams that play together more will have an advantage obv, but theres not much we can really do about that
vlad doesn’t even play supp i don’t think
🤷‍♂️
ah he said fill
what rank is he
in anna’s sevr
he plays a lot of mid
okk
i think bot for my team is good
erik n i work well together
just more practicing our picks
Yeah
Peter broke his arm so I’m thinking we put cylako on their team instead of team 4
sounds good

Is vinny an unironic level 17 player or is that a smurf

smurf

Oh what’s his main at then?

@Whompa have you heard from any teams besides mine?

azzy, carrot, vinny and vernon have decided on naming the team "Elihpodep"  does that work?

Yeah Let’s uh
Not do that
what do you guys think?

oh wow
is it legit?
yeah i looked at the website
it just seems like
"too much" i guess
wdym?
i can send the link
hold on
send link pls
i just mean everyone in this server is a mess and i feel like part of the appeal is the like, closer-knit, smaller group, so idk if we wanna go big with it
if that makes more sense
yeah
i also feel that the thing we’re trying to do is casual
not like
trying to get noticed for a team or soemthing
yeah
for sure

i’d probs reply with something along the lines of “thank you for reaching out to us about this, we appreciate it! however, we are just trying to have a somewhat casual playing environment at this time”

I second mimi’s idea
yeah he bugged me for a response
that was generally what i tried to communicate
he then tried to sell me on the idea again
o
its whatever
hes trying to build his company
i get it

deleted a msg an sent which was a tweet that said ‘ignore goredrinker, i want cumdrinker’ w an img of goredrinker to have sicky stuff on it
lmk if that was out of line but it just felt icky and out of place
Probably the right choice
it was in gen too
Right

@Dean who is playing tn
team sexy and airwick
its on the schedule
sorry brain is fried

@Dean is pause enabled for the game later?
its always enabled per server rules
unless we need to use blind pick
kk
just wondering cuz ibs flaring a bit tn
all good

@Dean can you get some of the teams to stop pinging @/here and just ping their team role @
yeah

did drew withdraw?
Yeah
He told us 20 mins after his game started yesterday

o

Talking to captains about some rule changes to improve game balance, posting results here: (Still waiting on: Sam, Daev, Hongbaabaa, Dan) -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Blake:  No preference
Erik Y:  On replaying games - Admin review required, per case basis On Subs - preferably subs come from a team to which they are designated, but only within +/- 5 points or so. Exceptions can be made for offroling players

did drew say why hes leaving?
he didnt go into too much detail
id ask him if you want to hear his perspective on it
oh did something happen?
I don't know
he just kinda gave me a cookie cutter answer and I don't know him so I don't want to like pry
it could also just be that he lost interest
if you're like, close with him, you should prob talk to him
i msgd anna and she said her and drew got into an argument and he cut all contact w her on everything

talked to hongbaabaa, he said pretty much the same thing as this

my team is FUMING over the sub situation last week lmao
oh?

What happened
Cylako got subbed in for David and destroyed us
We are replaying the game
But some of us r very salty apparently
Have air wick been destroying everyone or was it just this one instance where the skill disparity made it unfun
Uh they’re like
1-2 not including that game
Oh
wait erik ur not like perma leaving my team are u?
No
Me just sub for day
ah
i was about to be very sad
I just got back from vacation so I haven’t been on
Soz
nw
Gsme rn?
i have drivers ed D:
Smodge
Gl
ty

what was the score line?
hold on
hongbaabaa and blake agreed to just replay the game tomorrow so
its no biggie
oh wow
i literally got oneshot by shaco 6 times that game :D
david cant play shaco
or, they could, but that wouldnt happen

“Dean in terms of the scrim zone I think it would be much more enjoyable if we could set up our own teams and ignore the points. Also I hate scheduling for only one game it doesn't seem worth it.”  Thoughts?
i can understand that
when does this season end?
2 week break for most teams starting this week then the second half starts
So like 2 months?
hmm i see

I will hold my tongue on whether I agree or disagree but I think the best way to get general feedback is to send out a Google form after the season is over and collect ppl’s thoughts
Specifically regarding the balance between power differentials in teams vs general enjoyment

@Olaf (Erik O.) wait what was the issues the strike one had  ?
type if u can
Too drastic in skill difference, leading to very unfun games for both parties involved
from what i gathered
ah
what was the team that was saying bad things/not good vibes
if there was one
That might've been FKEK not quite sure

Hey @Players I'm happy to announce that we are starting the original scrims format back up, now that summer is coming to an end. It will run alongside the team format as it closes out the second half of Season 1. We have made a few changes to address the concerns mentioned in the survey conducted at the beginning of the summer. This should make signing up easy, while also not robbing you of time better spent doing other things if scrims don't run.  For Newer Players:  The original scrim format consists of 10 players signing up to play up to 3 games, starting at 8pm EST on the given night. These 10 players will be drafted by two randomly chosen captains to form two teams for that night. The two teams will then play a best of 3 series. For more info, check out the "Scrims Rules" doc at the top of #useful-links  For Returning Players: The actual format of the Scrims haven't changed, but the scheduling has changed. Scrims can run on any day of the week, as long as 10 or more players have signed up by 8pm the previous night. This gives a 24 hour period in between signups and the scrims so that if you'll know for sure if the scrims are happening at least a day in advance.  How to Sign Up:  Type &register (the days) you want to sign up (ex. "&register Saturday", "&register Monday Tuesday Friday"). At 8pm, if 10 or more players have signed up to play scrims for the next day, the game will be announced, otherwise the game will not run. If you signed up in error, or something went wrong before the 24 hour period, use the &unregister in the same way as &register to remove yourself from that day. If something occurs within the 24 hour period, please reach out to an Admin, or find a substitute. Scrims can run with any selection of 10 players, so be sure to sign up for any day(s) youd be interested in playing.
sorry for ping

alright im going to send it out now that good?
sent
perfect

fyi yall, when the semester starts back up again im going to be crazy busy, so i wont be as active w scrims or in the server as a whole, though ill try my best to carve out time for it

Jake said he can't do tomorrow do we still have 10?
It says we have a sub but that guy deleted his message so idk

idk
i can ask
jonah says he can do tuesday

casino is getting a write up correct?
late w no excuse?
i dont know who's fault this is
bc its possible he never said he could play
i will launch an "internal investigation"
"""internal"""
someone is going to be disciplined
sounds good
internal is
as in
in their team
i know
just memeing

whos gonna get the belt
uh
idk what happened
and i dont wanna bother ppl at like
midnight

@Dean can we make the admin role color more different? it looks very similar to the team sexy color
yuh
this color is ugly /s
im busy rn
so
maybe i change later
maybe no
i get it
o shit now it looks like fkeks color
smodge
ok so @Admins what should the penalty be for just not showing up to your game
bc we never really planned on this being a thing
and theres no real interaction between team format and the strike system
also the only other time we had this happen
guy straight up left the server after
i think we should definitely have a meeting w the person who doesn’t show
and really explain how leaving your team in a lurch does not only affect your team, but the team you’re playing against
it’s very annoying to be scheduled to play at 10:30 and then we start the game at 11:10 xd
in the future i personally will not be able to start games this late
id like to hear from at least a couple more of yall but sounds good to me so far

also Jar has passed the date where hes allowed to be an admin, including the time penalty for receiving a strike. Given the nature of his strike, and the fact that I'm friends with him its probably best if someone else handles the application/ if any of yall think he shouldnt get the chance to be admin feel free to speak up, as that would be understandable.
i could handle it if need be and i dont have any objections to it
ok
im gonna send him the quiz for now and see where we go from there

Sorry I’m at FNM I will give some thought to process my idea after I get home
In response to the ditching question

maybe we like
make the offending player log on earlier before everyone else
to kinda ensure that they will be there for the game
idk

Wait can't you not be admin with any strikes on record
Or is there a time limit
But about the punishment
We can't really do anything that's wouldn't just punish the team
Unless we just say "it happens again you'll be replaced"

3 months of no strikes
Ah ok
But like we said that with lateness and stuff in mind so
you could have it effect the entire team.  Like have bans taken away
i feel like the person might be more punctual if they are fucking over their team and not just themselves

valid

@Admins hey i’m sorry to do this on such short notice but i can’t do jar’s admin interview tonight, i’m just too busy

Is anyone else free?

@Admins have a few things we need to discuss, lmk when is the best time for yall
preferably all 5 of us would be there
what kinda things
game delays and format stuff
also if someone besides me should do Jar's interview doing that sooner rather than later would be good
but if yall dont care i can do it too

I can do it

mm i need a run down on an's warning
after this game yeah
kk
ok so
tldr-
sam said something that was like criticism, not even really flame (an and the 3rd party that reported this agreed that it wasnt really super toxic), so an mutes for the rest of the scrim, and only barely communicates during champ select. No chat during the game, and only minimal pings. They apparently also would intentionally do the opposite of what the shotcalls were, but I dont think theres any way to prove/disprove that.   When I talked to them about it, they pretty much said that there was no other option to handle this, which I feel is objectively untrue, especially with pauses as an option to figure out a solution. Examples I gave were (asking sam to stop, which apparently didnt happen, and/or telling sam that they felt disrespecting and muting sam). B/c of the rules, this is a strike, but an had no prior strikes, so it was converted into a warning. Their last comment on the strike was that They were upset that they still got reported for this even though they carried two games (their words not mine). I don't feel like performance or alleged carrying of games should have any impact on the penalties received, especially if it made the team environment unfun enough to where it gets brought up after the series. I offered them the chance to appeal, or if they wanted Sam to potentially receive a strike for toxicity but they took neither option.
yeah 100% no one should get a penalty changed based on how good they did in the game
hmmm while i agree w the warning based on the logistics of the rules, can we really fault the lack of communication on an alone? there’s 4 other players on the team that can very well make the effort to talk
i mean weren't they the only one muted for the rest of the scrim
yes
from what ive heard the rest of them were actively attempting to communicate
Will was also muted for the scrim, but cleared that with each of the players and me before 8pm as it was due to family issues, and was very active in team chat and during draft
also like how stuff like this is handled, overturning it is possible, but it would be done through the appeal system, which is an option that wasnt taken
cray cray world we live in
meaning?
just like
how skewed things can be whn communicated wrongly
i mean from how i see it
either the warning is correct
or its 1 of 2 options
1. Sam was super toxic (which both an, and a third party said wasnt the case)
2. An was communicating (which neither party said they were)
if any of you feel im wrong about that im open to hearing it but like i dont know what other option i should take tbh

naw the warning is correct
ok

@Admins Can we try and meet regularly on tuesday or wednesday night? Also, the plan for Jar is to let him run a few things, and if they go well, he'll become an Admin, let me know if that works with yall  {Reactions} redblob (2)  [2021/09/17 午後 11:37] ktnpwincess weds works better for me
sounds good

Does like 5 or 5:30 work for everyone Wednesday afternoon?

@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) @Olaf (Erik O.) @Whompa @Stanley
Yeah sure
Preferably 5 cuz I have something at 6
Same

5

@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) @Olaf (Erik O.)
@Stanley
hi sorry i can join but i’ll be muted

@Olaf (Erik O.) my heart is brocken did our duos mean nothing to u 😭  {Reactions} cryingcat  [2021/09/22 午後 05:20] ktnpwincess i pretend i do not see it
You haven't played league in like
forever
I would duo
w you
i also haven't played league in forever tbf
yes my courses r kicking my ass
my birthday is next tuesday and i have an anatomy exam sadge
smodge
i’m not even in nursing school yet and my brain hurts
😦
bonk
:t1:
:confusedcat:
lmao
aram edate peepoclap  {Reactions} t1 yesnod  [2021/09/22 午後 05:28] ktnpwincess omega old
group the oldest ppl call it the nursing home
:t1:
group the youngest ppl call it the kindergarten
dunk on the elderly
someone put that man in a home
a lot of mason's friends are probably older than you erik
owo
it just depends on how many games they need to play to count as a person xd
MILES DOES COCAINE?????
WITH HIS MOM BEING THE WAY SHE IS ???
no shot he does
i think it would be to cope with his mom !
true
she also doesnt care that he smokes like pounds of weed xd
but she cares abt the osu clicking
well that bothers her!
the weed and coke wouldnt affect her
@Olaf (Erik O.) the way you worded that makes it seem like ur looking back on like 70 years of life
like chill ur not in the grave yet homie
:(((((((((
revive my server smodge
actually we get some traction sometimes but at varied times
just post shit jane is always online
neither have i

i’m an infp
gladge
ok i gotta run back to my room before the heavens piss on me
ive gotten this a lot
look ma it’s me
here is the layout for me
rip
yeah ive taken this like 5 times and gotten mediator every time
im hardstuck babbyy
yeah but
the stats
what r the fuckin odds huh
are what makes us different
discord admin speed run any %
my bottom 2 are really funny
YEAH SEE
sam
u spiral
i cant believe how confident u are :)
:t1:
LOL
im 86% not confident lmao
xDDD
okay so
these change
depending on how mentally healthy u are i think
im hardstuck
or if people in your life dont uphold u
help*
u
feel better
maybe im just perma sad
tell iris she isnt working hard enough :)))
ur love language is affirmation
uwu
also ur a thinker
i lay logic to the wayside
lmao
me and dean's are too similar
LMFAO

we broke up :t1:  {Reactions} redblob  [2021/09/22 午後 06:48] jeandones also its quality time !

fuck
im wrong on so many levels  LOL
we show dean quality time whn we show up for admin vc time :)

:D
unironically yeah

ok so
i have work at 5 on wednesday this week
generally before 2 most days will work for me
but i have off tuesday so whenever would work

on tuesdays i’m free after 2:30
okk

so since halloween is coming up, how about a themed 5v5 summoners rift with only using bewitching/halloween skins?
Bet
Wanna make an announcement about it?
sure lemme write something up
i’ll probs post it this evening

big

@Admins does 4/4:30ish work for y’all?
Especially @Whompa and @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) to figure out y’all’s events
for wednesday?
or today
Today
I am turbo busy tmrw
cuz todays my birthday i am not free
Ah
apologies
I guess this was more of a general statement
Lol
yeah
usually i am free after 2:30
Enjoy ur birthday we can just postpone to next week
:00
i can do thursday tho
Except Sam’s thing but I can just dm
I’m busy from 2-10
This week is just bad for me tbh

i cannot do anything today
also happy birthday @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi)

I want to do a most improved player in addition to the other awards, but we have actual statistics to back this one up, so I want to lean on those. However, it will be biased towards those on better teams, and I don’t want it to just be “who rolled the best team and didn’t play any other normal format games”, so I feel like I can just list the top 5/10 or so and pick who looks the best from a general standpoint?
Personally I think it should be Blake, but want to hear all of your feedback
The top few are Stanley, Blake, Dean, Sam, Hongbaabaa, Jake, Mimi
For reference

yeah i think blake there has probably the most obvious improvement

Thoughts? @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) @Olaf (Erik O.) @Whompa ??
defo agree w blake
being most improved
Okay that’s 3/5 I’ll take it lmao

blake yea

In the future, we should have a more generous forward window for people scheduling matches
idk if this is a personal thing but its kinda tilting that I'm like relatively free most days of the week
barring Monday Tuesday Friday
and I have played in like 1 on my teams games in the past 6 weeks
kinda frustrating
and like even for tuesday its not that bad i just can't play until like 8
idk
I don't know how that problem gets solved but I literally gotten to play barely any League scrims for a very long period of time
What does this mean
It’s a lot of words
But I don’t know what a generous forward window is
As in, we should start planning for later games sooner
to solidify scheduling
Well considering
I tell people to schedule 2 weeks in advance
And they don’t
I don’t know what else to do
sure
🤷🏻‍♂️
but its just dumb
and I never get to play scrims
I mean Ik everyone on my team doesn’t know work schedules until the week of
and its like why did I even sign up if no one is going to attempt to schedule around the literal 2 days im busy
This is a specific issue with ur captain Tbf
we can't even bat 5/7 i guess idk
sure but its also like other captains collectively not planning ahead of time from what I see in the captains chat but that could be a misperception
It’s not like Blake or hongbaabaa or someone knows your schedule
I mean I know at least Blake starts planning asap
sure I can't speak for other's experiences
Hongbaabaa has to deal with half of his team being perma afk
So he doesn’t really know much
but I can't be the only one having this problem because we constantly have to have subs
Erik does all of his scheduling out of the server so I don’t know how he does it
sure
But no other team has this issue
Except sexy but that’s for a different reason
B/c their players just ghost them last minute
I can just not make erik a captain next season
?
Realistically I'm just bitching but I'm just pondering on a infrastructure change that could alleviate this problem in the future
I’ve talked to captains about this and there’s literally not a better solution
and just putting my thoughts into the void
B/c most teams physically can’t start scheduling earlier than how they’ve been doing it
I think erik is just shitty at scheduling
Infrastructure change = void of people dependency
i.e. there should be a solution void of the answer being like
just erik or something
I will think on it
I mean
From what I’ve talked to captains about
We can’t make the window bigger because then people’s work schedules would come out after games were planned, and then we’d have to reschedule at the current window anyway, and if we push it even closer to the games, that is obviously worse
So the real solution would just be
Tell them to actually listen to their players
Instead of scheduling games on days when they’re aware you can’t play
An infrastructure change could be as little as just like, if you consistently cannot schedule to the point where multiples of your members are missing each time you are supposed to play
There should be an internal discussion with an admin, captain, and players who cannot attend
or separate discussions
and just say like hey maybe we switch the captain duties
or something
I mean unironically I was under the impression you were perma busy
Because I never heard anything from you saying otherwise
Now maybe this is just me being gaslit but
I mean I'm always busy like
🤷🏻‍♂️
during the day
But like if you had said something about this while you still had games left to play we coulda fixed it
doesn't mean we can't solve it loo
Looking at the when2meet it was fully green at the time that the game got played so I assumed that everyone who filled it out could play then, therefore anyone who was helping schedule was included
lol
i was never given a when2meet
@VSP2CGP pls fill out gamers
Wait
That was supposed to be a link
wait i see it
idk i'm scrolling through it and I was like available
almost every day
Ngl if you got pinged with a when2 meet link and didn’t fill it out
That’s on u
okay bro
but that didn't happen
so
idk what to tell you
all i am suggesting is an infrastructure change lmao
What do you mean
It literally did happen
look at the when2meet i literally
filled it out
It says 7/7 available at 10pm September 27th
Which is when the game happened
I checked it when the captains told me the time
To double check
And I just checked it rn
I literally don’t know what you want to be changed
dude
stop with that
okay
I just was trying to understand myself
and I understand what happened
My orchestra changed from Wednesday to Monday this week (Monday), and I forgot to update it the night before
also this is just a one week thign
I really severely do not appreciate the passive aggressiveness of your comment, because I'm not being unreasonable, I am merely attempting to suggest a change for the future
I'm not mad at Erik, nor anymore, nor that I am demonstrably upset with the captains, I am merely slightly upset I didn't get to play a lot
and suggesting a change
I understand that, which is why I’m saying that erik told me directly that you were consistently unavailable to play (him lying to me), which is not something the other captains did. I don’t think captains lying to admins about scheduling is productive behavior, and I think this is an erik specific problem, not a overall problem
Other players have reached out to me about availability stuff and it’s been resolved within a week
Same with other captains
This is literally information being altered as it passes through you to your captain to me
As I stated previously, the whole point of making a slight change in the rules is just to prevent people specific problems
I don't see this as unreasonable
if you do then i guess
we cannot implement this change
I don’t know what you want me to change tho
There should be an internal discussion with an admin, captain, and players who cannot attend or separate discussions and just say like hey maybe we switch the captain duties or something
1:35 AM
Right but if we never know there’s a problem how do we have an internal discussion
if you consistently cannot schedule to the point where multiples of your members are missing each time you are supposed to play
I was told that erik didn’t have any issues and that everyone who wanted to play could
I mean I was pretty much told that you and mim just weren’t available at all and I literally don’t have the time to check in with every single person who isn’t playing, especially since most of them aren’t responsive, hence them not playing. Other players in similar situations have reached out to me and I’ve been able to fix it but it’s extremely mentally taxing to keep track of 30+ peoples schedules
If you had let me know earlier I could have done something, but I genuinely didn’t know
You don't have to like make it a you problem its not a problem with you
You are not at fault
Right, erik is
I'm literally just suggesting
B/c of the lying and such
a static change
If you make things numeric and empirical, it makes these things a lot easier to just say, hey X person has consistently needed 2-3 subs for X weeks, we should have a discussion with X teammates and captain with an admin seperately to see what causes this issue
and that way
people can't feel like you're picking on them
because is like backed by a static rule
I mean we can do that, but I’m not going to be the one keeping track of it
and you just like keep track of subs in like a spreadsheet
you can make excel like add up subs over x period and say, hey, this is bad
If you would like me to, I will demonstrate a concept in excel later this week
I mean, you can also just make the sheet and share it
In admin links
yeah that's what i mean
Cool
It's like tracking the attendance of a club in CampusGroups Me and my friend wrote a program for GSO
and I can just modify it to make it work in excel
or google sheets
I think(?) Google Sheets allows math calcs in cells
idk i normally use excel

copy-pasting from the admin-links cuz i didn't want my explanation/concepts to be polluting the links chat
Please be mindful of the code everything is copy-pasted from the top so if you change the top it goes haywire I thought about making a formula to also calculate the amount of games played but I believe that could be done on a season by season basis and doesn't need to be written out with a shitton of extra google sheets code My intention is to, since admins have to have the very least check up on games to make sure that weekly scrims have actually occurred, that each admin could take the time to fill this out after every scrim, and it would literally take like 20 seconds also since its copy-pasted it also has the check-in stuff over subs but obviously subs would operate differently Work in progress If we think this idea is cool, I will do all the work to make the official version myself, since its really easy and shouldn't take too long, and we would just create a new document for each scrim
the other benefit of this is not only can we talk to captains but also players using this data
It’s even ✨color coded ✨

it looks good
if you want to finalize it once we know players/schedule and shit that would be awesome
@Admins
also can yall fill this out and lmk if it looks good?
WAIT
not yet
im a dumbass
forgot to ask about captaining
ok now it should be good
lol

I will finalize before next season ye

@Admins can yall fill out the survey rq?
i can remove your answers if you dont wanna play, i just want to know if its good or not

ye it’s good

oh dean btw i know i filled out the form but i would prefer not to be added to a specific roster/team
but like a floating sub if only nobody is available
gotcha
i will still fulfill my admin duties smile
pog
we can do 5pm tmrw this week
4:30 may be better with the vex stuff but
5 may work
kk just let me know at least 30 mins before call
ok
like a ping or somethin
kk

@Stanley @Whompa @Olaf (Erik O.)   Admin call in 5/10?
I can't do today specifically cuz I have a prelab I haven't done
That's my bad
I won't like be doing it the hour before next time
i can call
im available as well
Ok I’ll be on in 3 I just got attacked by my dog
:(
wtf
I don’t get why her version of tug of war only ends with her chewing on my arm :(
At least she doesn’t draw blood anymore !

@Admins do yall have any time today to help me figure out teams
if not i can just do it myself but idk how comfortable i am with being the sole creator of the teams
fuck me
this might be it
improved

Looks good to me, but I’ll be free after 6 if you wanna talk about it and figure it out
sounds good

I had to swap a few things up, and it’s possible that more people will sign up, but as of right now all I’m waiting for is a response from daev about his team

I’m gonna sleep and text you when I’m up, does that work?
I finally have the chance to, will explain later
as long as i’m not on the same team of an peter or david i’m good
Okay
Done

kinda cray cray how i’m always on the same team as erik o smile

@Olaf (Erik O.) I have awoken
Lmk when U can vc
Just goated
what can I say
I'm good now
Lmao ok I’ll be in vc
these should be the final teams

i do enjoy watching as all the channels get made
go bestie dean go bestie
:D
seems that everyone likes their teams

Ty
Game no count btw
Whole point of new rules is that last min roster swaps aren’t allowed by any means
B/c it’s not just a points thing most of the time

Why would we like start the season on a delay tho
i mean its fine regardless i guess but i think that was the logic

Well it’s not like we planned on having a thunderstorm
I don’t see the point in making new rules to address people’s huge main complaint about last season if we’re just going to ignore them
can we like have a clause
that the game can count if all 10 people agree
or something
i don't see why we wouldn't be able to count it if all 10 players thought it was a fair game

Let’s discuss this week
I think that’s reasonable but I also don’t want to just repeat last season b/c a lot of ppl were upset and I get to deal with all of that
And it’s not fun

@Olaf (Erik O.) can u let me know besides urself who I have to thank for scrims going well today while I was passed tf out?
I assume you, captains, cam? But lmk if I missed anything
I mean I just kinda hopped on call and me, cam, mason, and jake figured it out
I was really only confused about side select but I just picked not jake's team since they got side select 2 times in a row
Ok I’m p sure that’s correct
It’s whichever team is listed first on the schedule, get side select
So yeah, that was right
Thank you so much for figuring it out
pog
I wasnt really supposed to be on at that time anyway, but I really appreciate you getting the cast and stuff set up
Huge relief on my end lol
no worries, the vod is all up and stuff
Especially b/c I slept through 4 hours of work LMAO
I now get to stay 4 hours late to make up the hours
Mildly unlucky
gonna watch the vod when I get home
No spoils!

won’t be able to play, still very sick ;(

@Admins since we were all directly involved in the game on saturday to some degree, I want to know what yall think the punishment should be for Jar doing what he did, if anything. Joel will receive his 2 penalties for not showing up to the game, and my personal opinion is that Jar will no longer be considered to have any chance of being an admin after this stunt, but open to other peoples opinions.
is everyone free to voice call this evening? after i get back from dinner
I personally feel like the decision to make a verbal agreement with another teams captain in order to avoid wasting 5 peoples time, and then immediately violating it, and wasting their time anyway is a bit yikes
i have dinner at 6:30 dk how long for
yea i’m doing my brothers birthday dinner lol so i dunno when i’m gonna be done w that
I’ll let you know when I get home
ditto

ill share my opion quickly when we're doing that

me is home

me as well
@Olaf (Erik O.)

i can be on in like 10

HELLO
please ping me when
ok
i can get in call whenever
@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) @Olaf (Erik O.) @Stanley
@Admins

This is your first and last warning regarding violation of verbal agreements between yourself and other captains/admins of the server. If you make a similar choice or decision directly opposing anything you've stated to a captain/admin without confirming the changes to your original decision you will not be able to participate in the Scrims Server anymore. We value the time of our players very seriously, and by changing the terms of an agreement, you essentially waste an hour of up to 9 other players time. Your consideration for an admin spot, or any captaining role in the future is over effective immediately.
@Players We value the time of our players very seriously, and by changing the terms of an agreement between yourself and a captain/admin, you essentially waste an hour of up to 9 other players time. Players who do this in a role of captain (teams/standard formats), will be restricted from any leadership role for an indefinite period.

&dmuser 147856482870886400 This is your first and last warning regarding violation of verbal agreements between yourself and other captains/admins of the server. If you make a similar choice or decision directly opposing anything you've stated to a captain/admin without confirming the changes to your original decision you will not be able to participate in the Scrims Server anymore. We value the time of our players very seriously, and by changing the terms of an agreement, you essentially waste an hour of up to 9 other players time. Your consideration for an admin spot, or any captaining role in the future is over effective immediately.
done
wait i messed it UP
&!!dmuser 147856482870886400 This is your first and last warning regarding violation of verbal agreements between yourself and other captains/admins of the server. If you make a similar choice or decision directly opposing anything you've stated to a captain/admin without confirming the changes to your original decision you will not be able to participate in the Scrims Server anymore. We value the time of our players very seriously, and by changing the terms of an agreement, you essentially waste an hour of up to 9 other players time. Your consideration for an admin spot, or any captaining role in the future is over effective immediately.
omg
has to manually be done

Server Maintenance about to happen until tomorrow maybe, signups will be down until then

Maintenance is over

did you take scrim bot out back and put it down like a dog

How do y’all feel about trying a different method of making teams for season 3
We’d essentially just set a point limit and leave it up to the players
I’d make a tool and put it up on the website to allow players to gen teams that meet the point requirements
/ verify teams they’ve made
that would be funky
i’d heavily like to request to be made an absolute last minute option for s3 tho
tbf i would’ve still been a substitute if miles showed up for any of our games LOL

Yeah i think he just didn’t realize how busy he’d be lmao
yea i can’t fault him for that
it’s just kinda funny
But if we do it this way you wouldn’t have to play unless someone offers you a spot and u accept if that makes sense
Yeah
yeah i like this
Yooo better discord?

eah

i’m gonna be out of the country from 23rd (around 5pm) to new year’s day (jan 1st), i can probably respond to important admin stuff but won’t really be able to do much

All good have a great vacay
oh dear

oh it works
just takes quite a while to generate the results

Yeah I
Need to do some optimization

As people lock into teams are you going to have them be removed from showing up in the teammaker?

Yep

nice

@Admins  These are the candidates for Most Improved Player:  Daev 7 Dukky 6 Erik O. 6 Mimi 7 Sam 8 Stanley 6  let me know who you think deserves it
we can also do a strawpoll if you want bc 4 out of the 6 are admins LMAO
idk if anyone cares about voting secrecy
How is this calculated
From past score to current?
change in rating across the last 2 seasons
yeah
Ahh
Who’s dukky
one of jiffy diffys adcs
i dont think he improved much, just hadnt really played before this season
I’m down for reacts or messaging you personally either works for me
You should also poll the captains as well
Maybe
yeah idk i mean last season was pretty clearly blake, less easy this season
Agree

Can someone find out what happened with Blake and send in admin logs
@Admins
Ask cam and Russ
Ty
for all intents and purposes, he was big joking (im pretty sure)
What did he say
B/c I feel like a bunch of his names are micro aggressions lmao
Well not actually funny but
Uk
it started as him saying that xin zhao looks out of place in league, demacia specifically, because "hes a chinese guy in cardboard armor who doesnt look like he fits in" and then a bunch of us go "true caitlyn is just a wasian purple girl with a gun" "jinx is just powder" etc
I mean that’s just accurate
the atmosphere was very lightheated and joking, everyone was laughing
Yeye I wasn’t sure
and of course since blake is blake he kept digging himself into a hole and then zach and cam and him all fed off of each others jokes
Just wanted to make sure
Yeah
i was there the whole time and i didnt feel like it was offensive or had negative intent
Okay
Cool cool
youre welcome to dm zach or cam if you want to know more deetz cuz they were most in on it
Okay
I will wait till I’m sober lmao
kekw have a good night dean
:))))
I am

i cant type in team 2
fix it
try now

who have we ushered in from welcome without me knowing btw
i gotta make sure the websites good
my fwiends 🙂
they are David and Chris
ok

@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) @Olaf (Erik O.) @Whompa @Stanley can we meet sometime saturday to discuss survey results once theyre finalized?
actually excluding sam bc youre gonna be away

yaes

Sure

eat my nuts
as long as its in the afternoon
its fine 🙂

Let’s do 4pm  {Reactions} 👍  [2022/02/12 午後 09:02] jeandones @Olaf (Erik O.) @Stanley @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) call rq?

@Dean
might wanna talk to drago abt all chatting
yeah
i was gonna
very terrible vibes
👍

context
?
Storage
ah

@Dean
russycats emote is broken
this is very upsetting to my team and i
we arent boosted
lots of things arent working
ah
no stickers
no animated logo
sadge
how can we live laugh love like this
uh
boost the server
+ ratio
ok i deleted down to the amount of allowed emotes

at the end of this scrims season i will be retiring

whats goin on
@Whompa
Hi
also i dont think im gonna give up admin but i am retiring
D:
hehehoho

@Admins MIP is really fucking obvious this season both statistically and like from a spectating perspective so Im not gonna ask yall to vote
just wanted to let yall know that so you are aware im not excluding yall
awadbadga
???
kk

??

what is the policy on borderline sexting in chats

i wouldnt call that borderline sexting but if it was anything like, worse probably delete it and time them out

not borderline as in it is or it isn’t
isnt
and noted chief
i cleaned it up regardless
more so bc it was in signups
it’s kinda sussypicious
oh well ty for clean up
i mean much worse has been said
and no one cared
i think its just that its signups
what if we renamed the couple queue vc to edate vc
:smirk_cat:
HAHAHAH OMG YOU ACTUALLY DID IT
well Couple Queue was an Iris suggestion
glad to be rid of it
ah

dean u are crazy
having each season stored in their own text categories
It’s just for archiving purposes
All at the bottom so it doesn’t get in the way!
right that's all good and makes sense
i was just boomed when suddenly i had 60 additional channels
Hahaha
True
cant find mmr of it or anything
what is default
wdym
i dont think ive ever gotten an account thats never been ranked and doesnt have norms mmr
oh like
what's the default points value?
there isnt one!
never needed one
that seems rough
i put 5 for her
bc she played with a s4 player a bunch and performed consistently a bit worse
and like lvl 60 and only playing urf seems like
thats the angle
i'd say between 5 and 7
because it looks like them and Frostbeat are friends and Frostbeat is G3
yeah its my coworker and his gf
plus Chris is like Iron 1 and is 6? points
true
tbf he was b3 in flex when i added him
smile
he's a grinder
so true
i dont think 5 is harmful, especially bc i think he has a 5 stack that wants to play as a team
oh then send it
theyre the only 2 that have joined so far tho lol
we will see
also wtf is the algorithm for determining points values then if not adjusted in reference to baseline
that explains why Sam is 40 mfkn points!!
well the normal way is rank/mmr + 2
if the rank is 1 for each division
so iron 4 is 3 and d1 is 26
sam just turbo smurfed so many games
i thought MMR was a points value in the thousands
or do you mean rank of a player's mmr not the value
yeah
second thing
i think maybe that could be reevaluated
after teams are locked in
its served well so far
what would you change
we are currently finding an issue! :)
1 of the 74 players in the server has not played a norms game in 4 months
i dont think this is a common occurence
i think accts like that deserve to be a special case
idk it feels more accurate to have a baseline point value, where the most 'average' rank would sit. and it would be adjusted based on scrims performance and rank
the system is not broken!! but could it be improved
i mean making her 12 points seems really bad
thats what the average is iirc
scrims performance already factors in really heavily
well yeah the points economy would have to be adjusted
not just this one player
i just dont know how we could do a system that could fit in a player like this
having no trackable mmr is bonkers x)
i went back through all the games with an algo and the ratings have actually done really well in making balanced games, so i dont think the algo that adjusts rating over time should change
yeah!
i think i am just looking at hong, sam, cylako, mason, and zach's points values and something *feels* off
i mean
theyre that high bc of scrims performance
mason trashed every jg he touched for 8 months straight
praise to the 40%
zach shit on everyone last season
huh?
huh
what does that mean
nothing im just in the ryze rabbit hole please dont pry
ok
i also think something to note is that the rating is moreso to get everyone as close to a 50% wr more than accurately assessing skill
so if you win a lot rating goes high so you lose more
but if you win even when 'overrated'
then youre just good so rating stays high
oh i did not realize hong hit plat4
his main is also dia for sure
we just cant see it
nevermind i was gonna be like "Yeah zach did shit on kids so why is hong a higher points value!!"
but hong is adjusted based on a plat acc
so nvm
i mean
hong is also like
the starter for the best ivy league league team lMAO
(also played well but silver to plat should weigh in considerably)
kid is actually cracked
i have no idea how he plays ADC in this economy
i dont account for change in rank, just scrims performance  {Reactions} 👍  [2022/06/28 午後 09:43] camdotzip i've been trying to grind ADC and it's so fucking hard to do anything meaningful
initial rating is the only thing that accounts for rank
he was never actually silver
it was just a meme bc he inted all 10 placements
so his acct was silver with plat 2 mmr
so he was silver!!!!!!!!
yeah but
not in skill level
according to u
I think 5 points in perfect for Leila
i have to go bedge for work in the morning
me too :D
gn bb
gn <4
<5

<6

When season start

I said it in the ping
mimaws kittens was first we get the name /j
6 kitten teams would be hilarious
it would be
lets make it happen
I’m fine with it not tho
dean catphobic ??????!!!!!!!
DDDD:
No make them all big cat names
Panthers
Lions
Etc
Only one kitten team?
We will see
mimaws kittens
^
I wonder what he is discussing.
how to be toxic
I stopped in there and we had a chat
damn 2 of em becoming toxic…………
2 of them..

i need to come up w an event before scrims season starts up again
regions tournament …..

Psst can we post a roster list for each team somewhere? Hard to differentiate on mobile between starting roster and subs.
Something like   Mimaw's Kittens Starting: Cam, Guld, Heelie, Daev, Mimi Subs: Sam, Russ

It could also be worth noting which substitution combinations can and can't happen, like how Sam can't sub for any given member of Mimaw's Kittens  {Reactions} KEKW  [2022/07/15 午後 12:37] camdotzip No! No! There are combinations that work !

i don’t like your tone mister

theres a possible roster with sam smile
i can do that when i get home yeah
ill pin it in the scheduling channel
team should clarify their roster before the games anyway
Yeah but planning prior to 5 min before :)
Also to note they're listed in role order
To clarify I meant that Sam can't sub for an arbitrarily chosen member, not that he can't play
Ik people swap around depending on draft but giving other teams a heads up on what to expect would be nice
Role order will give people like false information though so just leave the team compositions and then the rest is up to the players
Being flexible is a skillset and we shouldn’t devalue that through draft mitigation
this
rosters get sent 10 mins before draft, same time as side select
youre allowed to sub mid series, so theres no way to really send that far ahead of time, because it wont happen for other games
if youre that worried about planning draft for subs, just plan further ahead

you just wanna bamboozle us with your dh ap blitz jg at last second
i’m on to u i know what ur up to………….
😳
@Dean can i change my server name to mimaw
it’s not mimaw’s kittens without mimaw !!!!!!!

@Admins can we try to get an admin meeting in this week
wednesday/thursday night would be best for me personally but
willing to work around others' schedules
ideally 5+ people in attendance
Agenda: -Onboarding Changes -1 off bracket format -Changing web hosting -website improvements -bo3/bo1 clarification

I can meet anytime that's not over the weekend
Thursday night works for me too I think or Friday

yeah i can meet on weekdays after 7pm

Thursday cool

I’m being taken out to sushi apparently, let’s plan on like 9:30-10?
@Admins
sure
works for me

You ever thought that sushi is just plain gross
What am I gonna do until 9:30
Can you FaceTime me so I can be there in attendance?
dean never invites the admins to sushi…….
bro
move near me
youre welcome to join if you want
its in NC
:)
yea bro lemme drive down rq and also suddenly like sushi
:D
again no voice xd so i’ll just be typing
like usual
complains about not being invited to sushi and then says that they dont like sushi
admin privilege removal level trolling here
:missing:
this is abuse of power
is this discrimination cuz i don’t like sushi ………
no if you asked for any food and then said you didnt like it it would be tilting
am i gonna get perma’d irl

mgiht

I can meet for a lil at 9:30-10

prove it

I will not be attending I'm driving home from Exton
I have admin tenure I can't be persecuted
license and registration please
Driving home rn ~ 15
i met gordon ramsay in norms
and he plays graves top w tp

5 more mins I gotta start laundry
I am going to kill myself
If we dont start right. NOW!
woah
?
Wtf
Is going next irl off the table here
we are literally in call
YOU JOINED OUT OF MOWHERE
@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi)

admin is stinky orange
@Jacob :missing:
this some nerd shit on god
^^^
how many of the admins are cs ppl
I'm an EE I don't count
ofc not u bb
<3
I make the parts coding is CRINGE
❤️
cs gang
Moi
oh my god im surrounded
Omg
"if everyone who follows me sent me $1"
:sad:
though money matches sound fun, it really has the potential to get ugly really fast
agreed
people are not nice in league, especially not when playing league for money
money matches in general that aren't in person have so many places to go haywire
yep
@Cam that needs t2 boost no?
Im not sure
it do
i think
its t2 boost
so 5 more from mine
idk how this would work out but i have monk mental nowadays i would like to offer some sort of untilting service
what is an untilting service
like just a lil space where someone can just vent out all of their shit without fear of reprecussions
that seems like a magnet for racial slurs
i mean yeah
as awful as it may be, it helps release steam
and it would only be me and the other person
who r able to see it
just tell them to dm you then?
that seems like dms with extra steps
ok?
w/e
probs wudnt work
if we ever need to advertise i can just buy a $80 cosplay and do some silly tiktoks
TIKTOK
TIKTOK
yo
can revive region scrims
and the silly wacky modes
ultimate bravery
ultimate bravery
average yorick main
thats the point
the builds are dog
but its so dog that its funny
his next item was essence reaver
BET
Pinned a message.
i keep them muted
perma
@Olaf (Erik O.) youre inting my team
D:
:D
@Jacob hey

scrimzonelol.com  -- OR --   scrimzone.co
^
2nd
looks like hosting prices would be about 6-10 bucks a month which is not bad at all
like half an hour of work per month for me, not including donations
second
second one is double the price, but i think i get a domain free with the hosting anyway
the second feels a lot more professional and polished
scrimzone.org LMAO
NAUR
scrimzone.info xd
bruh im not paying 100 a year for .gg
im gonna get scrimzone.co tonight and start setting up the coding stuff in the backend for the changes we talked about after
gonna need @Stanley's help for bot stuff, I don't think ill be able to run the bot off of the web server but thats w/e
my priorities are gonna be  Game Logging -> Onboarding -> Captains able to update their rosters on the site during games -> Draft Tool
i can make some assets for stream
it would be cool if we could have baron powerplay overlay but that’s a lot of coding and not a lot of drawing
yeah i need to learn how to do api stuff for that
thats on the list somewhere but
not super high up
once im done with the first 3 im gonna redo css and stuff to make the site usable on mobile
solution to that might be just removing some features from mobile bc they arent really feasibly fixable
for logging purposes

@Admins Finished the code to make it so anyone can log games now. Going to take another day or so to make it so you dont have to type in the exact champion names to log games, but once I finish that I can make a quick video and post it here explaining how to do it. This will make it so anyone can log games mid-series for graphics purposes, even if i'm not there. Just wanted to give an update, should be working in the next couple days  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2022/08/01 午後 11:41] ktnpwincess nice
good stuffs
Bro can I buy you a Matilda costume then
breh
LMAO. If CYLAKATS win tommorow you’ll do it. If you guys win I’ll hang myself? Even deal?
No!
dude that's awesome, ur sick dean
:)
Thankss
Dean is the future programmer for riot
I applied and they didn’t even respond :(
I think it’s b/c my account has a ban on it LMAO
my kittens r eating ur ass tomorrow prepare it to be ripe and juicy  {Reactions} ❤️  [2022/08/01 午後 11:46] jeandones And they ask for summoner name
Sheesh. And what the hell mimi
Give them Cylako then
We both be riot workers now
give them mine
:Clueless:
I wanna apply to riot to be their reviewers as a long time player frick them
I also wanna create a league of legends board game for them
They have one but it’s kinda trash
Tellstones is gas
But the minions vs mechs is mid
do ppl even play tellstones
I do
It’s so fun
I made an play with me
i deadass never hear abt it ever
People just don’t talk about board games to you unless you also play board games
true
My friends who play board games and not league know about it

^ same
my roommates don't play League but are huge board game ppl

- join scrims page     -new table displays on a hidden page, able to approve new players off that page, and add their ratings  - hookup current players table to the players json     -refresh the players json when new players join     -hook up the players json to the statutils page, maybe make a loader js file for the players     -look into integrating something similar for champions? - maybe champions can stay manual idk  - captains can do side select and rosters on the site     -should be similar to asset creator     -allow anyone to edit either team with both teams/players and have a checkbox under each team to signify blue side     -should link directly to gamegrabber and asset creator upon loading to declare initial values  - CSS formatting     -make all pages better on mobile, maybe restrict some from running and/or hide them in the navigation     -limit some images/text from being selectable     -find better champ icon images if possible     -better buttons or button spacing
- draft tool     -integrate into asset creator / game grabber as a stretch goal     -allow searching for champs     -generate keys to give to the two captains?     -15 seconds built in leeway for each team, and each pick is 30 seconds + 5 hidden seconds     -maybe do lck thing for visuals??? - snippets of champ splash mirrored depending on side - room to experiment here     -figure out how to constantly check for changes in database
these are my plans to finalize the current set of website changes
look over if you want to, will probably get done in the next couple weeks or so  {Reactions} deanpog  [2022/08/03 午後 11:01] ktnpwincess YEP
i like coding

my mans is analyzing the time complexity of his algorithms

If you can think of anything I can help with tell me
This seems very interesting

I think i just need the bot revived tbh
scrim bot called me a slur
>   -see if its possible to make a link that automatically gives them the players role? - OR - degradate welcome channel @Stanley or look into this
well hes dead no need to slander him now
it is not slander if its  the truth
sadge

@Admins meeting next Wednesday at 9?
Going to lose my Fucking mind if we don’t fix this at least for next season
Works for me

wh'appen
oh wait lotta unread in general
ope

I work Wednesday but
I can hear a recap or someone explain it before hand if u need to practice

YEP
oops caps

new time will be after the series ends LOL

@Admins meeting friday?  {Reactions} friday (4)  [2022/08/11 午前 02:00] cylako i work 3-11:(

but no matter what im stuck like that for 10 more days

@Jacob hey sorry irl stuff happening rn I may have to delay like 10 minutes I'll keep you up to date
Trying to speed up as fast as possible but not up to me
No cancellation just minor minor delay at worst
kk

@Jacob yeah I'll be back and ready about 8:10-8:15. Sorry for the delay
sounds good

when are we going to do meeting lol
oh uh
never
xd
idk man
maybe tmrw night i keep forgetting
dean is so silly
he can’t help it

@Admins meeting Monday at 9pm  {Reactions} monday (4)  [2022/08/13 午後 08:57] .jaspr we gotta make make sure not to schedule any series to happen during meeting this time lol

jacob w the big boy pants wowie

Super handsome and smart? What can’t he do

where r these ADMINS
SLACKERS
jacob must have ran his big boy pants through the wash today
:(
@Jacob
@Jacob :tweaking:
@Jacob
@Jacob
@Jacob
@Jacob
:ziggslibs:
@Jacob
:hattip:
:triggered:
@Jacob
@Cylako
@Whompa

I’m at work until 11 pm
I’ve said it like 4 times:(
we just wanted to bother you w/ ping
I’m glad I’m apart of it in the thoughts at least
make that bread king

@Cylako  {Reactions} ❤️  [2022/08/15 午後 09:42] ktnpwincess @Olaf (Erik O.)
I'm in an orchestra meeting :(
what da heck
What the heck.
I'm sorry I'm so cool and conduct an orchestra
:(
I'll be less cool next time
I need to play less Valorant it affects my ego
Valorant is fun to an extent though
@Dean i have school radio meeting at like 7-8pm wednesday we are going to present our 5 year plan to the school soon smile
no its online
yes but i dont know when the meeting ends exactly it takes as much time as we need it
by early i mean like any time really before that
i can do a bo1 at 9 ya
pilk is pepsi milk
@Jacob @Stanley
26
16
mb im trolling
@Jacob im playing w her after this
@Jacob are u bozo?
@Cam are you in a fucking ice maker in the fridge
@Dean this is racist i cant vote
THATS WHAT I SAID
YO
can people read nowadays
LMAOOOO
i was taking my garbage out
@Jacob get it done at claires
you can get the amongus earrings after
do this
i’m on my phone xd it only leads me to gen
He's just saying to contact them
ye
ah
o7
Beats#4183 I think
hm.
i’ll send a friend request
Do any of us have them as a friend?
i mean i know him irl but
im not dealing with this shit 💀
This is
fair

i assume thats just a permaban?
yeah but are we really permabanning a captain midseason
oh he's a captain???
i mean
i guess we put it up to an/peter
if they're fine with it no need but
i mean
i dont think they care lol
peter definitely doesnt
yeah thats what im saying if theyre fine then its good
but if not
yeah
i mean i think the question is
i don't think that behavior is acceptable
do we keep someone who just dips as a bit?
like
broski i don’t think hes coming back
i mean if he even comes back LMAO
yeah
so what happens with their team
i dont know
new person promoted to captain?
or disband
zacks the only way i have to talk to anyone on their team
LOL
oof
hed probably still schedule for them
blake right?
well yeah i can talk to blake
but the rest of them are like perma off discord
but he doesn't really know the
,
m
blake getting the promotion of his life
yeah idk
im gonna see if he says anything at work on monday
im like
really pissed about this
childish behavior from a 29 year old
HES 29??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
has the audacity to call blake immature and pull this
i think the take is hes so old that he doesnt understand sarcasm LMAO
i see!!!
i literally cant tell
im just mad
i liked it better when he just didnt look at the disc even when i pinged him LMAO
yeah he just really screwed over his team
no shot he’s 29
at his big age ?????
i mean
maybe 28?
still doesn’t make it better
no i know!
im pissed!
that's fucking
crazy
Holy shit
Should we see if their sub would want/ be able to join full roster?
dude idk
im so fucking mad man
i mean he would be able to i think
i just dont know how to reach any of them bc they dont check discord
Team might have to disband
Send out a message to remaining team members
Give em a week to figure things out?
i was gonna wait until monday
but
sure
this chat is nightmare fuel
new worst team chat?
@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) yell at dean for chat peeking
If he's gone we can ask them what they want to do and if they don't respond within a certain time they're disbanded
fair
I agree
ill give a week after i see him irl
Sounds good to me
??????????????????????

@Admins if y’all wanna check the members of the <5 role and dm some of them about tonight that would be epic

Topics for next meeting: - How to deal with large number of signups for a scrim  - increasing frequency of signups running/adjusting the signup system - next season format

I used to have the problem with texting myself. Some people can’t read the tonage in a message so he prob took it as a insult even tho it wasn’t
yes but you can simply ask, “im not sure how you want me to interpret this msg” or something similar
He said he’s good to play Thursday so
I have no fucking clue man

That’s fair

HUH ?

????
ill do them but i might ask one of you to at some point
Pinned a message.
please dont touch unless you have to tho
this is for future reference yes?

ye

Initial list of ppl to ask for captaining interest: Jake, Stanley, Dean, An, Cylako, Blake, Cam?
Anyone to add?
I gave up on the survey idea 💀
would we only ask people who did it before?
noam seems like the kind of person to want to but he's newer to the server
At first yeah

give noam a shot
!!!

Ok

@Dean time to change server icon
I will when I get to pc
kk
It won’t be animated tho
wh
I don’t think?
we had one last year
I forget did I animate it last time?
:pumpkinslide:
Oh LOL
????
bros brain is fried LMAO
It is
we should do spooky scrims
Yes
Let’s do a meeting in the next week or so and discuss
where is my bewitching lux rito
sure

:winterscrims:
Wait did I not upload the gif of that

@Dean change chris's roles to supp / mid and name on website to "CeCe" ty
ok
weait
did he ask you
yes
i told him ab info corrections
but he was standing to the right of me so i just typed it
to u
here
ok
roles i can do
the name is a huge pain in  the ass to change
okay then it's fine to be chris on the website if it's a pain
i changed his name in the discord
uh
they should be the same
or else its really confusing
okay then change it!!!!
just doesn't have to be rn!!
ok ill swap in the disc when i fix on the website
wtf dean not inclusive……..
so true
thats definitely it
it should be good after tonight?
need to push new games to update the json file
UH OH
i manually updated one of the json files and
forgot to pull the new one before uploading the old one
oh god oh fuck
i dont speak computer but sounds epic my man
i just deleted like
8 ppl
wtf dean thats MURDER
yeah! THATS WHY I FEEL BAD
:nodean:
how are we gonna break the news to their families
ok
everything should be fixed
database makes it both easier and harder to do i think

I assume easy permaban for this behavior
for dom?
what he do
run it ig
rq?
slurs?
whats the dealio chief
like
didnt listen to comms
starting singing in call and sprinting it
??
this was kinda similar to our games
lol
context
not really
i asked blake whats the sauce and he goes
“L9 Secret Agent”
the call i mean, ignored all plays
yeah im
upset about the intentionally feeding
blake said he wouldve praised him if he said a slur but nope just inting
blake is so silly
perma + this game didnt happen?
uh
just perma
reschedule ?
talked with zack about it
i dont think its fair to hold it but
no time + he said hed rather just ff it
he asked to ff it
ah
yes
me read
his choice but still fucking sucks mane
i mean
this is like
average mental for their team
sadge but true
this happened bc their jg refused to play with their top laner so
did zack ever get a penalty for doing what he did or
resolving once hes not a captain
clown fiesta season
us and cylakats are fine
:)
kathys has gotten their shit together also
only way this season is redeemed
is giving us more subs
as in everyone not on a team is one of my kittens
:3
:D

@Admins most improved this season is obviously jonah right?
do i even need to pull stats?
1000% yeah
most improved is deez nuts
but hes unavailable for comment so jonah
Jonah is def prob it lol. He’s the new Tom Brady
didnt tom brady cheat or somethin
Yeah I think there was a Patriots deflated football thing or something

real
real
real

real

Talked to Zack at work today, seemed pretty sincerely upset about how he had acted, and I think apology in the server is probably good. Up to you guys how we want to handle it, but I think considering we had the free warning built into the old system I think how he chose to handle it is fine, and we just keep a closer eye on him in the future. Open to other suggestions, just lmk.

@Dean can i add faith to my kittens
Is she not already?
no not officially
i mean to the team LMAO
Seemed good to me
If it happens again it's a pattern but we have zero reason to believe that rn

Yeah you had so many ppl I thought she was already
Fwiw since she hasn’t played in reg season she can’t sub for playoffs
But for the culture yeah
nono shes not like playing she just wants to be part of the role LOL
Right
Just wanted to be clear
yup
Prob won’t add her to the site unless you think that’s worth it?
Will probably remove Sam too since he didn’t play
not to mimaws this season no

Should I make signups an admin only channel?
links seem to get lost really quickly
i like people talking in the channel because it makes people hype for the games
could there be an addition to the bot (once he gets resurrected) that whenever someone signs up it says the total and has the link?
so people can talk but the link still shows up in recent messages

maybe pin the most recent link?
then unpin once game
I mean the link isn't strictly necessary per signup, you can find all days on the website

Bot integration with sql seems aids
Looked into it and it’s just not worth it

Maybe make it a separate text channel where you have like the link post admin only and then like signups as its own text channel
Wish there was a way to keep a message highlighted at the bottom of a channel for a certain period of time
Threads?
Or maybe a bot that would delete and repost the message after every message sent with a cooldown?
Threads remove a lot of that hype by adding a layer of friction
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
truedge
i like this?

@Dean hey yav is worth 0 points that seems like an oversight
im aware
he was -1 earlier
i think the -1 was only because of an incorrectly logged game
but i could be wrong
but its not like
something that wont happen
wed basically need to redo the entire points system bc even if we add a certain number to everyone that would cause more issues that it was worth
unlucky that hes playing that poorly i guess

Not poorly enough to allow 4 people to equal points max and get a fifth free member...
i mean
kathys has ran him
and still lost
if this was true he wouldnt be 25% wr
kathys 4-man dont max points
youre right theyre 2 points over max for this season :)
was 85 and the 4 man is 87
trust me, it is that poorly
ive had like 5 people have this conversation with me this season
ope
no shade to him as a person but if youre building tear at 36 minutes consistently you might not be of huge value to a team
erik has described his gameplay as "not paying attention"
idk if thats accurate but
he knows better than i do

@Olaf (Erik O.) can you run signups tonight and   @Stanley @Jacob y’all handle tomorrow?
ye
Ty

Sure it’ll be fine
Yeyeye

Is there going to be a text channel that opens up after the season so people can find teams / teammates
we need to discuss :)
trying to plan admin meeting for week after next most likely
i have plans that would likely be better than that but
need to discuss in finer detail

> so like r u gonna @ daev in scrimzone and remind him to read rules or we all just gonna passive aggressively suggest it instead
I think there needs to be some kind of penalty system introduced
reintroduced
yeah
we need to discuss that
@Admins tuesday ?
pls
9pm?
should work for me
what he do
from someone uninvolved
im not explaining it someone else answer this one pls ty
oh boy
lol
oh the zach mute thing was
he muted drago in game
to prevent himself from seeing anything drago wud type

That’s a fair thing to do though tbh
Best way to not start an arguement is just to mute them
Yeah except the problem was him calling drago a child toucher in general chat after having him muted all game
I uh, did not see that part
I AM THE FUN POLICE WHERE ARE MY BAT SIGNALS
I dunno man
I’ll say something
After our meeting tmrw
In announcements and tell them to lyk
goes for anything I have no problems as best teammate to be the bad guy and confront issues too. But arnt they on a team of am I dumb
Nah played against each other

@Whompa can you use the @ gamers ping instead of @ here

yeah is that a custom @? :o @Dean

@Admins can we try to do a meeting Thursday night next week? I wanna figure out plans for next season and go over a few other things and then I think I need to step away from the server until mid December at least in terms of being as active as I am rn. Really stressed and unhappy about a lot of stuff atm and I think it’s carrying over on my ability to run this. After the worlds party and the silly scrims the week after I’m probably gonna check out for a while. If y’all can do your best to keep things active I would greatly appreciate it. Not sure how detached I will be from the server but it will be significantly less than usual.
take as much time as you need my friend
Current plan is All-Stars -> Losers Finals -> Grand Finals -> Admin Meeting -> Scrims Meetup -> Stream Discussing next season -> Silly Scrims -> Take a break for a while

I’m game if I’m free

i work till like 10pm on thursday if its after that i will for sure be there

@Dean how many boosts does the server need for level 2
also my landlord just dropped on me that "sometime after 6" on thursday people looking to rent my apartment after me are coming over so i'll have to lyk about the admin meeting
Ok
3? Idk
OH IT NEEDS 2 MORE
I think it should be visible somewhere
I CAN GIVE IT 1 MORE
DOES ANYONE HAVE A SECOND BOOST
we can have a custom banner, role icons, and 50 mb upload size for all members

i can transfer a boost
i have boosted scrim zone 3 times lmao
Shirley this gives me something special smile
It gives you a custom banner, role icons, and 50 mb upload size for all members
:deanpog:
man.
sometimes you're kinda funny
LMAO
@Dean i can help you design everything later
Sure
I think I’m gonna need some sort of drugs to get through these next few weeks on god

@Admins 9pm tonight if possible
Should work for me

We will see I’m hoping but no promises

I can do it
@Admins meeting 4 minutes ago!!!

@Cylako homie check?

I’m still out
- Clarification on toxicity: No banter allowed for signup scrims, Only positive banter allowed for team format, in the specifically designated channel. - Feel free to reach out to ANY Admin (orange name) if you feel uncomfortable, our DMs are always open. - Penalties for breaking Scrims Rules will resume being enforced, 1 week ban/mute, 1 month ban/mute, kicked from server, warnings given where necessary - Acknowledging that some people have relationships that allow for banter, this is allowed in voice calls only (such as friendly jokes towards each other)
- Some players who broke rules during season 4 will receive delayed punishments for their actions, as it would no longer affect the season. (Zack - 1 week suspension, Drago - 1 week suspension, Zach - 1 month suspension)
rip zach  {Reactions} 🇺🇸 (3)  [2022/11/03 午後 09:55] cylako should try to get the screenshot of the bantering if its in game tho
- Team format teams will have fixed captains going forward from this point
- Special event signups will run more often
- Friday scrims are always prioritizing players with less than 5 games played in the server, encourage newer players to sign up and participate if they can
- Saturday/Sunday scrims on clash weekends will now start 6pm est
- Every Saturday after a clash weekend will be a new format! 4 team bracket
- Explain 4 team bracket

- Signup Channel is admin-only, messages will be restricted to events/signup scrims
- In the offseason, Tryouts will be held on days where 2+ captains are available, any players interested in finding a team or playing with these captains should sign up and play. Captains will be encouraged to share their thoughts on these players with the other captains. Captains will be encouraged to matchmake.
- Point fluctuation from team format per season will be capped at +3/-3
- All other nights, normal scrims will run, priority given to Thu-Sun
- PLEASE PUSH SCRIMS ON DAYS YOURE AVAILABLE
- Min. Games in season to be a sub - 4 games this season - 8 games last season
-Min. Games in season to be a starter - 8 games this season - 12 games last season
- Point threshold for Season 5 - 95 points
- Exception system implemented seasons 6+
- Seasons will run from January - April and August - October
- 2 Season per year
- Off seasons from May-July and November-December
- Teams should have at least 1 valid sub for each starter
- Team size ideally (5 starters - 3-4 subs)

ah shit sorry i was asleep

ik dean is out
but if we wanna do a preseason scrim season
i say we just get a pot of all players who wanna participate and make semi-randomized teams
and then hold BO1s every week
since it's just preseason and can be 4f but still structured
would this be in addition to the stuff we talked about in the meeting or replacing that stuff?

idk but if people want an offseason season we could do something simple

I’d be down to run that over summer
I think this time of year is pretty rough
sounds good
also
scrims meetup channel for photos or google drive?
I’ll figure it out soon

Who deleted yellow and pink team >:(
a hater
i have reset roles
for signsups
smildege
:D

there's a new teamgen?
My first time hearing ab ittoo
i heard about it
🙂
i readge about it
Dean superfan
there will be by saturday :smodge:
it exists but isnt hooked up to the site yet
im a dean stan what can i say
like new algorithm or interface
?

Both
this would be sick if you can get the sets for the teams playing that day

ok yeah ill check that out
can one of you dm me that image so i remember when im home

done

how did the algorithm change
im curious

I can explain in call it’s too much to type LOL
Lmk when you’re free
these are the assets for tomorrow for the stuff yall know about
theres another special one :D
also those aren't in order

"minimum gmaes" team format + captain changes last bullet "wer" team format (cont'd) 4th bullet
Fuck
Thanks
so slay

Isn't that minimal games requirement quite high
I don't even know if I would qualify for that

It’s over the course of 2 months
And we will be running more scrims

I think it will cut off a ton of players but we will see

Well
I want to cut off the players who aren’t actually active
Because scheduling them is a nightmare
It should also motivate people to play more if they want to participate
It’s only 4 days of signups per player
Over 8 weeks
So it’s 1 signup every 2 weeks
Fewer if they go to game 3

Ran KGS + Cylakats through it
In role order
Seems interesting

what changed
or am i just not remembering whos on those teams
This it’s completely different
Including roles
oh it includes roles now?
Yeah!
ah
what if the 10 people signed up
Just as recommendations but
can't make
ah i see
Then it throws an error and tells you to manually draft
interesting
Yeah I think it’s neat
any changes to the draft/points section?
Wdym
It does it automatically
It’s not a draft
It finds the most even possible teams with people getting their roles
OH WIAT
teamgen dug
duh
i thought
this was
weekly scriim thing
ok my understanding is clear
Well I wrote it for the 4team bracket format
But we can use it for signups too
i see i see
so a tool for all basically
There’s no need for the old team gen because of the captain system
I’m writing a new teamgen for the captains
other than scouting combinations to grab
^
Yeah
Cool thing is it could theoretically scale up to infinite teams
So if we had 100 people signup for scrims one night
It could sort them into 20 even teams
you should run it on everyone whos ever played
- the least played people ot get multiple of 5
Yeah I’m planning on it

i should have probably said this when i saw the slides
but u can consolidate my role + the social media one
bc seems like u've got your footing for most of the stream and i video edit as a hobby
also dm me about the podcast that could be easy to fuck up and is very ambitious
podcast? holy moly
another white guy w a podcast..........
im not a guy
idiof
yes i am the soy here
yes I'm sure you're who he's referring to here
yes
:SHITSYSTEM:
wait the podcast is actually turbo easy
i already have the assets
i just have to speak at a camera for an hour
LOL
yeah it's turbo easy to make a midass podcast
:0
let me have my mid podcast
cam would know
do u wanna talk to a camera for an hour or make art
also you already do content creation cam
hes a white guy w a podcast
i just want more people
finally some recognition
(negative)
podcaster (derogatory)
white guy with a podcast (slur)
i can bench you
ok?
i can [redacted]
D:

oh
we should probably
tell the people who are banned
that theyre banned
LOL
oops
ill type messages can one of yall send it
For misconduct during the last season of scrims (toxic chat behavior), you have received a 1 week suspension. You won't be restricted from chat, but will be restricted from playing games for that duration. The suspension ends on 11/18. If you have any questions, or wish to appeal this decision, please let me or another admin know, thanks.
For misconduct during the last season of scrims (toxic chat behavior), you have received a 1 month suspension. You won't be restricted from chat, but will be restricted from playing games for that duration. The suspension ends on 12/11. If you have any questions, or wish to appeal this decision, please let me or another admin know, thanks.
actually ill send it
fuck it
@Admins should suspended players be allowed to play in drunk scrims bc the event was announced before we decided to suspend them
Why is the punishment different for the same offense?
one person typed a question mark
the other said
"No one likes you why are you here"
and called them a pedo
same category different severity
I see
also
this?
we can delay all the punishments for ppl who want to partake
like
start the week on sunday
just wanna hear others thoughts
Yeah
Let them play
ok
Definitely
ok im letting zach play tonight and pushing his month back a day because adam really wants to play with him and he didnt have notice
hes not playing drunk scrims
i think thats reasonable
drago wants to drunk scrims

How many games do I need to play
Or am I exempt bc captain
id say do at least 8

I say let them if they want since the suspension was announced afterwards

@Dean do i have to play 8 games
wait
you responded
i am
stuck in time loop
mb
11 last
season
does that count or no
bc i'm schoollow rn
Wasn't it 12 last season? Lol

@Admins adding someone to the server, is anyone free to chat with them for a few minutes to explain how everything works sometime today?
I can
:teemothumbs:
Idk if he’s filled out the form or not
I’ll handle that part and then I’ll ping the two of you to set up a time
Sounds good
Ok I think he did but I’ve bungled the website again somehow
Lol

new guy had an idea: bracket charity event where the teams picks charity that pool goes to

could be interesting
considering we normally dont do money events probably not something to do rn

dean
we need winter icon pls
:3
oh shit
true
YIPPEE

@Dean are people supposed to reach out to captains about joining their teams
or are you going to make a chat
reach out for now
ill make a chat once verbal agreements are supposed to start

@Admins  Thoughts on this message? "Hi, just wanted to let you know we received complaints from a few of your teammates in the scrim on friday, saying that you made them feel uncomfortable in the voice call. While we are playing in a competitive setting, it's important that all of our players are still able to have fun, and feel like they're being heard while strategizing. You aren't receiving any penalties for this, but please try to foster a better environment in the future, we take player complaints very seriously,"
i like
sounds perfect to me
bruh
ok im not dealing with this tonight
going to bed
:)
someone advise me
@Cylako FUN POLICE HELP
mm in less serious things i should make a few new stickers/emotes
TRUE
i gotta make the big stickers
going to full size
:t1: :nodean: and :churchofmiles:
i can find shitpost stickers
this one is p good
i could make it transparent maybe
holy crap dude guy is fuming
sounds good
why is
he typing like that
holy
ryze with lean buff
sounds pogies
also dean go the fok to sleep
bedgetime NOW
sorry im getting pages typed at me LOL
holy moly
oh hes still goin
HE USED AN UNDERLINE
OML
mans what
holy
:O
Man is asking ME to give HIM time stamps
Not happening lol
ON THE WAY
ill watch it and tell u my opionion
is this someone new?
Yeah
Joined end of last season
dean
go to bed
My uncle just got home from a trip sorry
NOW
Talking to him before bed
!
oh sorry
you still shud sleepy soon
!
:league_ZoeWave:
I know
dean can u msg who complained so i can actually ask which game they felt uncomfortable so i dont have to watch 3 hours worth
assuming dean is asleep you can ask daev i think
Daev and Alana

kk

hard to tell whose voice is doki's
but also
im inclined to believe it's just a difference in opinion is what it all comes down to
haven't gotten to any meat yet
does anyone know doki
or does he have connection to anyone
i started listening from roughly the 2:40:00 mark. i dont think doki is being malicious in intent. i like to give people the benefit of the doubt but if anything he just seems to be a bit awkward. especially if he doesn't know anyone in the server.
he's only making statements, whether they are correct or not doesn't really matter. most i've heard is a disagreement between them and zach.

also
i think doki believes signups to be more competitive than they tend to be
so his behavior is according to a competitive environment
still not exactly excusable

I listened all the way to 2nd game draft phase so far, i dont think theres malicious intent either, there were only 2 spots i saw where things could be misunderstood, one at the 26:50 second mark.. where he said "tp is better for you because if you lose the lane you lose the lane bc im never coming top" were the quoted words. i think he didnt imply that alana was bad or anything i just think he wont gank a fiora top as nunu. Id like to ask him about it but id want approval first  the second instance in game 1 was at 42 mins. where he said "Mordekaiser push mid if u can" after galio ulting bot, showing 4 bot and giving morde the chance to shove the wave under galios tower. At 42:26 he then responded "and back up and take my wolves." at the same time Galio was walking back up through red side jungle. Coulda just been looking out for her?       She replies "me?"   To which he replies "yeah, I dont think you just wanna sit mid, just grab wolves, grab the exp i can just gank top again"
"okay shawtyyy" she replied to the last part, but from what i can tell his voice doesnt change all game, his tone doesnt really freak out on anyone nor does he say it like hes trying to hurt someones feelings. Like i said Id personally believe he was just looking out for her in this game bc he didnt camp top.  @Cam and I also personally think we should discuss the ability to record games with the consent of others. not taking away privacy from someone.  but i think cam is right on the "believing signups to be more competitive than they tend to be" on doki's viewpoint  SORRY FOR THE LOTS OF TYPING BUT THATS GAME 1 ANALYSIS FROM YA BOY POLICE FUN. id like to talk to him about it too, their team communication was also very whack I think, or stale.
ill do the second part tommorow night. if anyone else wants to give feedback. much appreciated. He doesnt sound toxic to me at the point but i think the second game coulda be worse than the first giving tiltness comes into play

Yeah I mean my overall take wasn’t that he was trying to be unpleasant but if 3/4 of your teammates feel like they can’t make any calls that’s obviously not an ideal scenario

Sure, so I think we should just say "Hey, we hope you enjoyed your matches and welcome to the server. We do advertise as a 'competitive' server however weekly signups are mostly for fun. We try to stress a competitive atmosphere during our seasons, with the next beginning in January. We thank you for the willingness to share your VODs, it helped us see that there was no malicious intent, just a miscommunication between players."
Or something like that
Y'all know I'll take zach's side asap but I really want to give Doki the benefit of the doubt. He definitely isn't trying to make anyone uncomfortable on purpose, so I don't even think we should give him a slap on the wrist. Punishing people for being themselves is how you lose members. Instead I think we should encourage him to play for the social element during signups, and to stress having fun playing the game in a group environment.
There's nothing wrong with wanting to be IGL, but I think there is a proper time and place. Given it was his first game in the server, I think he misunderstood and chose the wrong time.
(Also as for sexist accusations, though light, given that Alana is shrugging it off I'd like to apply hanlon's razor and just assume he's awkward around girls.)
The privacy thing I do want to address. Big on that as I said.
@Dean can I make an announcement about that

Yeah sure just something to the effect of ask your team first and respect their wishes
And can you send what you wrote to doki?
Thanks
@Cam

I didnt write anything to doki
Im not the one who initiated conversation with him, I'd rather keep messengers consistent.
Ok I’ll edit it down and send it but I really would prefer not to deal with this so if someone else can take over in the future I’d greatly prefer that
Sent
nice msg cam
im digging it
ty ty
^
only brought it up because zach told me he didnt realize there were VODs of the game
but ty
I like the underline lol
Inspired by

I didn’t see game two or if there was a game 3 but it didn’t even sound like he was hoarding the shot calling, he was pretty quiet for most of the game I saw
As a jungler he was just saying where their jungler was and where he was about to gank. Unless it got worse in later games obviously but I didn’t see any abusive shot calling yet
There were 3 games
I was told there were arguments between players
Idk when those occurred
I basically just told him that we reviewed it and didn’t see anything, but it’s really hard to tell how your teammates feel from a vod, so if he wanted to know what was specifically upsetting he should reach out
Again cannot reiterate enough how much I would NOT like to be the one doing this atm
I think others would gladly but you should have someone else send the initial message
I was hoping someone else would!
:(

you showed us the message and then sent it to him 1 minute later, one of us could have sent it instead
I just mean like
The whole process
I don’t really want to deal with player toxicity in general
If someone reaches out to me obviously I’ll answer but I do want to have a more passive role in the server for the next few months
if someone reaches out to you about this kind of stuff you can ask them to dm one of us instead
currently everyone brings issues to you since you're the figurehead of the server but then since we only hear the summary of it from you it's hard for us to handle it since we don't have the full picture  {Reactions} ❤️  [2022/11/14 午後 03:12] jeandones Ok
I’ll do that

Big facts^ I can help with anything that doesn’t involve technology more then likely
I’ll keep listening to the vod tonight for game two. Then game 3 if I have time too. Sucks to do it while at work bc I’m in factory lol
Nah I think we can stop with the doki stuff for now lol
Not worth putting this much time into

Thank god bc god of war has gotten me going
So good

Somewhat related to what’s going on in general but I’ve been thinking about this for a while
I would like to avoid prize pools and money based competition if at all possible
yeah i agree adding money adds a certain level of ick and makes things seem too competitive in a negative way
Would be down to do merch and events financed by scrims but I think adding money to a server where the points system is not meant to accurately reflect skill and is easily manipulated is asking for
A lot of trouble
In addition to ruining the environment potentially
This
I’m down with bribing players to join ur team tho that’s kinda funny
Also I started it 😰
bribing can get very out of hand very fast
you mean like me offering hidiri 10,000?

I mean player salaries are hype
I’d be down to compensate players for their time more than award only winners
But ideally neither

i dont really like this idea, it can lead to some jealousy and nasty arguments about why x got paid and i didnt, plus it makes it seem even more competitive than it already is
neither is best
Oh I meant like
All players equal salary
If we had enough funding
But I don’t think we will
Agree it’s not smart tho
equal salary name of nothing

Yeah!

WHO IS TELLING MASON TO THROW GAMES
TO SPEED RUN THE PATH TO 8
HE SAID HE HAD ADMIN APPROVAL

wadnt me

Any admins available for an interview rq?
what u mean
jonah
need
to be interviewd
want someone else there
besides me and him
@Stanley can you rq

hello
JONAH MY GOAT
Howdy

PARTY WITH JONAH
Another meetup?

Hi hi

o7

what is my role as an admin
i used to be bot but
Format stuff
discord kinda killed it
That’s what we’ve been talking about mostly anyway
and yoru website stuff you have control over
what does that mean
Like
Questions about signups/team format and stuff
and then i'm more questions about the server as a whole?
Yeah similar to what you did with Wolfe
big

recode it!!!

but @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) i have fulfilled your request
nvm it's way too bad i regret it 😭

huh
@Cam

cam did an oopsie
?????????????

^

what
im confused

@Cam wtf did i do @Dean
Nothing!
no dont do this to me what did you do
@Dean
Literally nothing!
I meant to ping An u both have the same pfp!
CAM
pls dont play w me like this ive been sick bro
I am not playing with u I made a photoshop that I did not realize was in terrible taste till I had posted it!
>makes  photoshop of dean being racist >is in bad taste
HHAAHAHHAHA
well now i wanna see
this sounds funny
This one's not that bad
dean needs to look more faded imo
I like it because it makes Dean seem short

Fucked up jacob
Fucked up
dean needs the ig baddie nails

@Dean is the 8 game req because of CLW

No
It’s because of your team
That’s like
Half joking
There’s been like 6+ teams that have been problematic and CLW isn’t one of them
It’s mostly to make sure that points are calibrated correctly for new players and to make sure there’s incentive to keep signups running
its fine if it's not joking it was a question and i was looking for the answer
But russycats and mimaws are the best examples of unschedulable teams
Which is also part of it
okay i think you should lower the games requirement for returning players, esp those who have been recently active and have high amount of games
ie stanley having 100+ games and being active

That’s the point of the previous season games option.
It feels different this season b/c we didn’t run as many signups last season
Grandfathering in people can get really risky
i think it would be safe to like
let people in the 100 club in
without the games
we dont need to like
reduce it if oyu dont want to
but maybe an alternate condition for people who played a lot of season games for the majority of their games
that just mean nothing towards proving ability to show up on time
I mean my concern is that there would be situations where someone was active in the past but not currently active
Has happened before
Is easily preventable
I would be open to talking about this in  vc in a couple weeks but I’m driving the rest of the night and pretty busy for the next two weeks
My basic take is
If you’re serious about playing in a format that requires you to be free weekly, participating in the server once every two weeks should not be a big deal

i agree to both sides tbh

STANLEY YOU HAVE TO TAKE TEAM ROLES AWAY
hehe

for the point gaining rules for next season, does it have to be based around 1 player, or do multiple count
like
if players a&b were on team 1, and c&d were on team 2,
if next season a,b,c,d were on team 3, is that +2 points?
because player on your team last season is +1 points
No
It’s only for captains
gotcha

When we enter in games, make sure we type something in here so nothing gets double entered. Thanks!

No don’t
he told me yeah
capslock
may have not put in games 2&3  either
I'm down to like help with this stuff btw if it'll help
Like managing the backend and stuff

Uh
I mean I’d need to generate a new login for the db
I just didn’t realize y’all were gonna start entering games all scuffed like this
no it was just one typo
the code didnt know what to do after it sems
Jacob entered a game win incorrectly and cylako entered an empty game also
Not just this
i see
but if it'll help i can handle this stuff
I can do game entry on mobile but not fix broken ones
i also spelled ez wrong lol
Uh I can make a new account once I have access to db
teehee i gain admin responsibilities
yeah might be more than just a typo lol
@Cylako @Jacob fixed the first game  {Reactions} 👍  [2022/11/20 午後 11:59] jeandones can one of you enter the other 2 in? thanks
also ksante should be in the dropdown now

actually
if yall can just tell me
who had what side
i can do it
Figured it out from the drafts
pro tip is: dont enter the password until youre sure everything is entered correctly
yeah i see that now lol
i realized that yesterday lol
uhh purple team (which is Cylako Jacob An team ) was purple
purple went red red blue
for side selects
TEAMGEN ISN'T SHOWING POINTS
capslock sorry
Is for me?
Make sure you’re on private browser and ctrl-shift-r

its working now

Yepp

is this myphpadmin
Yessir

Admin gamers I believe one game from last night is still not input
Also I believe the first game has the wrong team winning
All three should be in
Oh wait yeah it just disappeared
Wtf
I’ll fix it tonight
Wait first game the winner is right in the stats, but wrong on the site?
Yeah
Gruer is 1/1 in stats which is ok, but says he lost both games
Wait first game is showing up for you??
I sent screenshot of what I see
I’ll fix tonight idk wtf is going on
Gotcha

@Admins for any nickname changes can we make sure to keep their correct name in parentheses for clarity on the site?
Not sure who changed Dokis name
he asked me to mb
Yeah he’s asked me like 8 times and I keep telling him no
We have a system for a reason

i kinda get the whole doki thing
it's not anything he says just the vibe he gives off
??????
idk what his deal is

weird
like
why am i the person to bitch to LOL
we love you dean
I wanna just
vanish
well he certainly wasn't gonna bitch to me
about me

@Cam @Stanley do either of you have experience with phpmyadmin
You sent the initial message
not about today!
I just started using it for a discord bot
ah
Why whats up

jw
Entered todays games, trying to fix the broken ones too
i can learn

No one should be typing in game for this one tbh if this is true no?
i assume this was in lobby post match
Correct
It was in call after
Ohhhhh fair. But yeah idk maybe he thinks your daddy dean? Lol I’ve never been on his team tbh so idk how he acts in game either beside that one vod
Not everyone has good macro/micro skills
Honestly idk how to describe it
But it's really bad vibes
Did u team with him today or were u enemy?
Same team
It just feels like he has animosity towards everyone else in the game
Was he flaming in game or is this his way to vent?
But it's not like he's actively toxic
So he’s just super competitive
I guess
Hidiri also said "i see how people think doki was toxic"
Which is how I feel
It's just a toxic energy he gives off
As long as he can control it then to go only this fair and be mad off game. But I mean I can message him to relax on the scrim signups? Not everyone is Challenger caliper and rn it’s preseason so you want to vibe out people
Not every game should feel do or die and if you want to be in a toxic environment he can do soloque lol. That’s my opinion at least. I get winning is more fun than losing but yeah
Id appreciate that yeah
seems like a good way to handle it
id wait until we have another person agree to it tho
@Jonah @Olaf (Erik O.)  thoughts?
now that i think abt it
when faith was captain for a scrim
doki was like dming her to get her to add him to her team
and then when the last couple of players were just automatically assigned for point reasons he was rly madge about it
scrims is a competitive environment but fun 100% comes first
at the end of the day nothing is at stake
truedge

Hm
Doki situation seems rough
My default is to not reach out if it's not actively a problem
It's not actively a problem but nearly everyone that has played with him has had some level of issue with him
Thats why its tough.
Bc imagining myself as Doki, there's a miscommunication here. Don't know what it is, but it'd feel real fuckin bad to have 3-4 admins messaging you about things constantly
He's brought it upon himself, and maybe it's okay to just accept Doki doesn't fit the atmosphere, but I'm not sure. Don't like making people feel excluded.
i don't really think there's a misunderstanding
he does doesn't like playing with people worse than him is my impression
I mean i think the take is weighing 1 person feeling excluded vs a LOT of ppl feeling mildly/more than mildly uncomfortable
i think either way is fine
im leaving it up to yall
esp the moderation bois but
thats what should be considered here
This is rich
I also think i give people *too* much benefit of the doubt
what you mean im confuised
I agree with you but He's like silver 2 😭
That's where my statement above the image comes in
I mean a lot of people just don't handle losing well at all, and I think this guy just passive-agressively takes it out on his team
Atleast that's from every message I've seen of his
I've also not played **any** games with him, so if multiple players, admins included, think he fosters a negative environment, *maybe* he does :)
I just don't like making people feel sad :)
Moderation hard thats why I edit soyjacks ;( :soymote:
What do the moderation admins think?
sleepedge

i need more mod responsibilies make me the server inbox
i want to do something
scrimbot died and was replaced and now I am do nothing :(
Im tryna figure out the database login
:isforme:

This is my take
Obviously it is hard to take action against someone who gives off the aura of bad vibes but I mean Dean’s and my first interaction with him was weird from the jump and I think he’s not a great fit for our server realistically
However, knowing minimal context, my advice would be for whoever he is messaging to be like, “Hey if this is not a serious complaint and just you being upset about the lack of intensity, I don’t want to really hear about it.” In some type of phrase, then that should solve it, and then if he continues to press we just axe him
I would maybe find more articulate phrasing but I think providing that sentiment is the vibe
Gives him the ultimatum to stop bitching or leave, but isn’t necessarily us singling out an individual for bad vibes
Although I must admit the vibes are **Off** with a capital O

Sorry I was asleep I have work early
My take is that at this point doki making people uncomfortable was addressed and dealt with (correct me if im wrong). So the best way to move forward is to address what he said to Dean. I would just tell him that while we do like to have a competitive atmosphere during the season this is a server with a large variety of skill ranges and that not everyone knows the things that he knows. While it is reasonable to want to win he cannot expect everyone to be performing at a professional level and in that same vein while shot calling is ok back seating is not. While we do enjoy some amount of competitive play this is both the off season and pre season where it is time for everyone to try new things. While it is ok to want a more competitive gameplay style if he does not find enjoyment from the more relaxed gameplay then maybe this server is not the place for him
And probably @Dean should be the one to say this
Since doki went to dean

I agree^ but one of us moderation aka fun police should message him so he can stop messaging dean about it.
U want me to do it?
I don’t think we need to fully axe him yet though, just needs to Figure our environment more maybe
Yeah
Agreed
One of us can yeah just waiting for confirmation from everyone else
@Olaf (Erik O.) confirm?
❤️
I was just suggesting dean since it’s doki already went straight to dean that way we can involve as few people as possible
But cylako or I can do it
Honestly I should just revive scrim bot to like receive and forward DMs to an admin channel here so we can all handle it
@Dean good idea?
Probably
There’s also the option of dean putting out an announcement that we all have open dms lol
Yeah but we can say
"we can only respond to inquiries send to scrim bot"
Yeah
No its a good idea
That way people won't just message dean
Yeah
Ill do it after class today if dean approves
So someone messages Scrim Bot  ScrimBot copies the message from it's DMs into a channel visible only by all admins  ScrimBot replies "thank you for the message, a member of the admin team will get back to you shortly" to the person  We can all read and determine who would be best to handle/reach out about the issue
Yeah
Seems good
:)
React with thumbs up if you think something like this is a good answer  {Reactions} 👍 (4)  [2022/11/22 午前 11:40] jeandones Blessed
Ok I'll do that when I'm free today ~7PM
is this true? the communication with him was before yesterday's series and he was still making people somewhat uncomfortable
Did anyone specifically complain to any of us about it
Or was it just your feeling
Pog
hidiri said "and i see how people think doki was toxic"
Ok
I mean
I mean Jacob is allowed to be the one complaining also no?
True
I was just asking
I get that
Ok I bye bye for today until like 8 or so
Is there something you want to add to my message
Gl my fellow mins
@Jacob
i like the message
just wanted to clarify that it was still an issue
Right
Ok
Got it
If people still feel uncomfortable we can address that later
I’d start with this and see what happens
But that’s my take

I’ll be on in a moment

Oh btw @Admins I now have access to the data so if anyone messes up inputting the games just @ me and I'll fix it
big
Almost home, once I am I will give ScrimBot the capability to receive DMs for us
Well I'll code a new one
Website signups is much better
Lol
:)
prove it

@Stanley hey is the bot gonna be done tonight for the complaints box
or can i make a complaints box channel in the meantime

it will be done tonight

&announcerebirth
&announcerebirth
dang
hold on
ok
i talked to doki
&announcerebirth
he is back
please do not use that command

I hope you understand I really want to
i already removed it
Good
in preparation for this
&announcerebirth
LOL
No you didn’t
NOOO i forgot to restart bot
after i removed
Lol

should i have it @ the admins or should we just be attentive checking the channel
it works
@Dean

I wish I could test scrimblo male but
Friend only dms to save my mental
Can we make it so reacting with an X or something would delete the message?
To clean spam messages and stuff?
we can just delete that normally
but i think we should keep actual messages even when resolved as a log
should i clean all the spam rn?
probably delete all other than the explanation ones
Okay
Yeah
And maybe ping those
Pin
ok i will
Tyty
alright so its working
all that is left is
This is so baller
an announcement
yeah!
All u king
ok let me write up then ill send here for approval

@Players Hi everyone, from now on there will be a change regarding Direct Messages for server issues (questions, complaints, reports)  Our previous system was that you take these issues and DM an Admin about them, but we found that this could get a bit disorganized and make it difficult for the right admin to answer your questions/concerns. From now on, **please only DM @Scrim Bot about any server related questions, complaints, or reports you may have, as we will no longer be responding to any of these sent to Admins directly** Once you have DMed @Scrim Bot, then an admin will reach out and DM you to talk about the issue.
good?
ye
looks good to me
Thanks!
Stanley I love you 😘
ok just one more test, can we get a few more dms
i added a response message and want to make sure that its only sent to the person who sends it and not everyone
ooh it responds now
alright i think its good
ill send out the announcement
ok sent
i added a little
but no major change
Pog
This makes my life so much easier
Many thanks
no problem
now we
see new issue -> decide who to handle -> they handle
our efficiency go up!

why did we log this game???
i heard there were afks
no
???
how the fluff did u hear that it'
-s been 10 minutes
TEDDY

@Dean when does the website update the stats? I fixed the data but the changes aren't reflected on the website
do i need to do anything
When the next game gets entered it remakes all the jsons
we just have to wait
oh ok gotcha
or I can manually edit it
which is
blech
how is that triggered
maybe I can?
i can make a page that when you open it it just reloads everything
I can make you an account to do that at some point
but
youd need to edit the files in the server
gotcha

This is the best solution i can do it tmrw

Ok so on one side
Doki bringing in a bunch of people could be good
On the other hand
No shot he gets a captain slot over Kathy
It feels like there’s a lot of things he thinks he should just get regardless of how our server runs and I’m not sure why
A lot of asking the same question to multiple different admins hoping someone will give it to him
Wanna hear other ppls takes tho

Did this happen today too?
It’s what Jonah sent in admin logs
If there will be any extra needed captains it’s prob me or Kathy too more than likely. And ooo I’ll look
Oh I see. Hm I mean if frick that is a situation
Yeah I don’t think we will need more this season
But how many extra people wanna be starters I guess ?
Yeah idk man it was weird
That’s the number I do not know bc obviously don’t want scheduling issue but if we have enough it could be possibility
He’s just very full of himself
I GOT IT. Just tell him to invite his friends and if any team wants to practice scrim or signups whatever they be the group to hit up ?
That’s what I told him months ago
Oh well fric
Yeah idk
55 people is the threshold to go to 7 teams
60 people for 8
Makes sense
i havent gotten any dms abt it
i haven't either
Can I make a ping for everyone to just react if they wanna be starters or subs this coming season?
To get number count
Please god
I’ve been thinking about that
The number count?
Yeah
Seeing if we can get it
we could always do a google form
True
Whatever works
It’ll prob be quicker and people will respond to a reaction faster though
Then people going out of the way to fill a form
ok but
It’s easier to got through a spreadsheet
if people aren't gonna put in the effort to fill a form then they probably aren't consistent enough to play regularly lol
That’s fair arguement
Jacob stop being so smart and go become a astronaut
Lol
Okay so spreadsheet then or google form
Also I’m not the man to make that, I’m half gamered unless you want it slop
google forms can feed into a spreadsheet
i think we could pivot this into a much more involved interest survey if we want
like dean has done in the past
not to mention i don't think he would take kindly if his desired team doesn't qualify for the point threshold
I mean every season we’ve had people say “I want to be a starter” and then be perma unavailable
I’m confident we are going to be in the 6 team range
There are going to be people who would prefer to be a starter who will end up as subs and that’s fine.
Better to have extra subs per team than be short players
i hope we get enough for 7th team
\would be cool
I’d rather have an easy season of 6 teams and hop into 8 for fall season
Personally
i feel like wanting to be a starter and qualifying with games and not being able to sounds like it would feel shitty
but obviously we need subs to function smoothly
I mean ideally with the new system if subs perform well they’ll get to play more games
Should be a much better system to foster improvement
And should remove the “teams that implode” archetype
i don't really think subs are going to play much at all
esp bc the requirements to be a starter means you must be very active
unless we're going back to that forced scheduling thing that was attempted at the beginning of last season
which i think would not be an optimal decision
yeah
Kekw
oh nvm
The old system is
Simply not sustainable
is it not?
the captains work it out then report the time yeah?
it worked at the end of season 4, didn't it?
Yeah, when I gave up on trusting captains to do it and just did it all myself
It worked
then we get an admin for scheduling
^^
But then subs don’t play!
yeah
but i don't want o play a whole season
perma subbing in 1 or 2 players
that sounds like what the point of having subs vs starters is
i think we can go with 1-2 subs per team and more flexible scheduling
if it's just whoever can play on an assigned day everyone is a sub
then bring an admin on board to handle scheduling issues
Can we just
Try this
For a season
I’ve spent the last 3 months planning it out
I would like that to not be wasted
we did at the beginning of last season
is the difference just more subs this time?
Yes, and making sure the starters are actually active
I don't think it means anything if the team i beat has 3/5 main roster players really
For playoffs we’d go back to old scheduling
Also this should incentivize teams to practice together more
I don’t want teams to just drag their subs when needed, they should be an active part of your team
I’ve communicated this clearly since we started discussing the captain changes
yeah but forcing the team to include subs means that the importance of starting rosters is much less
this is kinda a big hit to the feeling of having a set team and playing a season with them
subs are important yes but it should be a 2-3 times a season thing
they are substitutes for a reason
I just don’t know why we are just now bringing this up when I said we were moving to stricter scheduling and adding more subs so they could fill the scheduling gaps from the beginning
If having 5 players always playing is important to you, find 5 more available players for your team
I wasn't able to really attend admin meeting so maybe it was said there but
it's nowhere in the new format announcement images
i don't remember this being communicated the way you are describing it
It was In the captain message I sent out
Sure whatever
Kathy gets a team
Cylako gets a team
Doki gets a team
1-2 subs per team
I quit
Dean is smadge
Don’t shoot me I’m the messenger

Idk id say we could tell doki to invite the players but if they’re only gonna wanna play with him that’s obviously not really gonna do much for him
And even if he like is active, I still think it’s likely other people would get captain prio over him due to the amount of people he’s made uncomfortable

Sorry to hop in here late. So we are doing a scheduled day for regular season where if u can’t make it you can’t make it and get subbed in. And playoffs we go back to what day fits best for both teams?
Just wanted to make sure I read that right

Yes

Okay making sure.  Then the best thing to do then is just tell doki to invite those people (if he wants too) and tell them to fill out the forms and do the requirements to at least be a sub on a team or starter. See how the first split goes and go from there
We are still a more friendly server for competition and slowly advancing the style of the server
That’s my thought yeah
I guess worst case they join and don’t play

I’d still personally say for game formats to do best of two for regular season. You either win/lose/tie. It’d make scheduling a lot easier for most players too imo. Not having to worry about “if there’s a game 3” when u know no matter what your at most spending two hours and that’s it
Then for tiebreakers or end of the season playoffs thing do best of 3/5
Just a idea potentially
Seems interesting
Ill probably add it as an option when I drop the scheduling survey  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2022/11/25 午後 12:41] jeandones For the spring seasons we’re gonna have about an extra month, so I’d be down to just keep doing the “bo3 if you can, bo1 if not”. People seemed to enjoy that. For fall, we will definitely need to find a way to condense the season and this seems like a pretty good way to do it.

I can help do that tourney next weekend since I have it off
Or participate either or

I’d appreciate that
I’d love to cast or stream but I’m going to be at a concert with family

How we even doing 4 team tournaments? Each team plays each other once or?
And what time would we even decide to start this

What is edt time zone compared to est? I’m dumb.
daylight savings time vs non daylight savings time
And I don’t know the difference
none of us do

what

Someone post results :isforme:
i will after 3
Oki
1-1 rn?
ya

@Dean you want me to send them here?

Was driving sorry

EDT and EST are technically not the same thing but they are functionally the same thing as your devices autocorrect now to the correct zone
everyone will know what youre talking about, but technically the way you cover both is just by saying ET

Has anyone done game entry?

I didn’t

I also hope we can do tourney this Saturday since I have that day off
No one signing up for it atm though
Can we use the website also to randomly generate 4 teams at once?

yep
ill post links
no one takes initiative :smodge:
I was just looking at that
Also lets make sure to keep admin logs just for recording things, not discussing
we can do threads if we want but i wanna keep that channel free from clutter
I can yell at people
Let me off my leash I’ll bark
And the links thing I have to be by my computer for that part, ive been working ten days in a row :/
oh i just meant like
players can use the website to sign up without us posting the links

Yeah I agree that too

@Jonah can you run scrims today?
also can someone do game entry? :isforme:  im at work
@Jacob @Cylako @Stanley ?  {Reactions} 👍  [2022/11/28 午後 07:38] jeandones for saturday

can someone remind me how to run signups
@here
plug names into draft on website
then
give roles
and make draft with link
got it
ty
I did them
huh
Game entry
oh
this is tonight
I know
I asked people to say when they enter games
So I’m saying that I entered games
ok

Goes to loser
im dmb
LMFAO

Who won
LOL
who will handle the scrimbot submission
game 1
game 2
can someone else input this because i need to go to sleep
we need someone to handle the report too

should be one of jonah, cylako, or erik i think
unless someone else wants to handle it
+1

ill get game entry

I'm still kinda afk from server rn my concert is on Sunday

How can I check the scrimbot entries?
@Stanley
Nvm I’m stupid and see there’s a section under admin for it

I also believe there needs to be a name change for people in server. They should be called by their ign names. I can’t help this person because I can’t even ask who pb or taxi are, who is yuro. Only taxi shows up in the discord
And I’m not about to straight up tell taxi to stop doing something if he didn’t even do anything bc yuro is uncertain
Yuro is an
If you go in general and type the @ and the name the scrim bot dumped
It will give you the name
Taxi and PB are both in the discord
We can’t do ingame names because there’s no way to automatically keep them updated
@Stanley is there a way to convert the discord name to nickname by any chance?
It’s just annoying bc I’m doing this by phone rn, so having to go back and forth to look up names when their name in discord should just be their ign name, but if it can’t be done I get it lol
Okay I will talk to an
That still wouldn’t fix the problem tho?
Because the bot gives discord name
Not league name
Ohh I see what you mean
Yeah
Also I think the confusion between who was talking is that they couldn’t distinguish their voices in vc
But you’d have to ask
Frick. Well forget what I said, but. I did message An. And got it, that probably doesn’t help either but imma try
We will see
Would it be more beneficial to post in announcements or signups channel for tonight’s game since there’s 10? To remind them there is one
Announcements  {Reactions} 👍  [2022/11/29 午後 01:25] teslaplasmabolt That is doable
@Cylako remember to react to the message in scrim bot DMs
So we know who's handling ot
I did
It's pinned
Oh I do not see it sorry
It could be messed up hold on
Do u see any of my reactions?
Ye it's working now
Kk

@Jonah you were on their team yesterday, what did you hear?

I mean
They said it
I think both of them
They weren’t trying to be offensive
They’re part of the people who joined from Blake
tbh i dont think that matters
like in an ethical sense yes
I’m just giving the story
ye
It’s part of their vocabulary naturally
It’s just not ok in the server
💀
I’m not saying it excuses the behavior or anything but I think most people wouldn’t have filed a report
I don’t think I heard either of them tell people to kill themselves
But I did hear them refer to things as gay
Idk
Like I said
It’s still not ok
But like
Idk what do y’all think
I mean i think people calling things "gay" will drive more ppl away than ppl saying "top gap" and if were cracking down on the second one we should do the same about the first
Yeah
That’s fine
at least reach out to the two of them and say not to
if its a recurring issue we can make an announcement
I’m not saying they’re in the right
as in like
across multiple ppl
Yeah
i know
But like idk
I take people joining with a grain of salt
Neither have them have been in the server long or played much
So I’d just give them a heads up
well yeah
nothing more than a warning
just log it and tell them to stop
IMO
Yeah
Pretty much

Okay I’m glad we understand it. I agree and it sucks bc I feel like I say gay a lot but like jonah said it’s also my vocabulary. But I know who to say it around usually. I’ll message both
i can tell it definitely makes certain people uncomfortable (they haven't said anything to me, but I know them well enough to tell)
:) me

Taxi just showed me some irony in this
I know the pedo thing was something an complained about but they used it themselves couple months ago too
I mentioned we were less strict few months but we have changed rules about bantering and using offensive terms, now there is a steady growth in the server
But taxi is chill about it so it seems all is good just wanted to bring up this image if we are addressing speaking in general chat offensively

Yeah
We can delete old chats if we want
me :)
i wouldn't say that's necessary
we did change the rules
it's not like people are digging though old messages looking for what slurs are ok to say
unless you are lgbt theres no reason for someone to be throwing that word again lol

even if u are lgbt u shouldnt say that word
no reason to

i mean in a derogatory way
i think deleting chats gets sticky. taxi is kinda right but it's cool this one time if they're chill (about the pedo part)
even zach's punishment supposedly wasn't for a pedophile joke, but rather for trying to single drago out saying "nobody wants you here"
(also KGS as a whole)
pedophiles are bad, don't think anyone disagrees. so is the notion that the topic can make people uncomfortable?

That’s a fair statement too

I agree with jacobs take here
I mean I also think calling people pedos is different than calling something a "pedo champ"
Bc that goes into the "personal attack" category which we are trying to stop from happening
Massively agree with this
Out of the examples in the screen shot I think mason calling An a pedo is the only one that isn't "fine"
Most moral scrims member
I don't think its the topic of pedophilia, i think its
"This guy touches children"
is the issue
i mean like someone using it as a negative/derogatory way

thats fair
true definition of the word basically lol

:(
Or
“This guy is a pedo”

i mean yeah thats obviously a no go but at the end of the day the complaint comment was "this is a pedophile game" so it was really directed towards anyone no?
mostly them saying its a shit game

ah i mean
i didnt know what the complaint was
thats probably fine

It was a weird resolve but it’s resolved.

Just making sure, no one added someone named namek to the server right?
not i

not i either
Figured it out
Dw

@Admins anyone available to quickly interview noam?
I assume I'm probably not the best fit for that?
i just want
anyone
lol
I can do it
ok
hop in call when you can

Congrats @Noam
ty 😊

Way to join in my king !

Dean stealing my letter spotlight and using it for his own in announcements. You’re on my list now @Dean
Jk ily

Sorry shouldn’t type in admin logs
But I never even heard or seen that guy before

He played a couple games and inted one of them

i fixed it
also can someone log the games
@Stanley blake has me at gunpoint come here
I haven't been educated on game logging yet

Did anyone do yesterday?
Because we have to do that before we do today
It should be pinned  {Reactions} 👍  [2022/12/02 午前 02:45] cylako I can do it when I get home today at 3 pm

Also @Stanley or dean can one of you take taxi off of Saturday signups, he messaged me asking
Ok I might beat you to it
I’ll message if I do
I’ll get this tmrw

Okay king.

wtf am i reading in gen

How rap should be more realistic so I believe
Idk
Dom posting Ls about music

entering the games now
btw
Removed taxi

@Cylako if youre looking for more ppl for saturday, I'd message Beast, CaptCoffee, Caspur, Gruer, Llama, and Richard. They are all newish to the server so it could be a cool first experience for them!
I messaged a few ppl tho so hopefully its not necessary

I wanted to hit up caspur but he works, he’s an irl friend. But I’m glad we got 20. I still need to findout how to do randomized for 20 people. The website only goes up to ten right?
Nope!
It goes up to 20
There’s two buttons, one for signups and one for the bracket

got it
each team plays each other or just follow bracket im assuming
Green plays purple and pink plays yellow to start
Side select is coin flip
Then winners play and losers play
Then the two teams that have lost once play
Then the two remaining teams play, and the 2-0 team gets side select
sick
@Jacob, @Cam and @Noam should be able to help too
omg pink <3 (yes ive said this before)
And @Jonah oops
I’m lowkey hoping no one else signups tonight just bc then I can go play board games lol
what
huh
nvm

Success!

wtf is tjhis lol
Success!

I put the games in!
I saw
Thanks!  {Reactions} 👍  [2022/12/03 午後 12:17] jeandones @Admins whoever generates the teams just use inspect element to delete players who aren’t playing if needed
Right click on the player, inspect element, delete element
I’ll add a feature to do this soon tm
But for now that’s the way
okay i cant wait to be dumb about it

Ok

@Dean give me a channel or google drive folder to upload source files
Uh
Send me a zip file
I’ll figure it out

Also I have an idea for how to rework the points system
Can wait till next season but it's a conversation I'd wanna have sooner than later
Kk
Dm me a summary if you can
I will when I get home
yeah a lot of the people yesterday were talking about how having to play signups to be able to play in seasons felt like they were incentivized to lower their points to be on more competitive teams
idk what we'd do to fix that though
I talked to an about it
There’s not really a solution because anything that fixes that creates a much worse problem
Unless we do a complete rework
And even then I’m not sure how we’d do that without changing the dynamic of the server
Tl;dr we do a block system
I will send a longer message later but now you can stew and get ideas
I have no clue what that means
(0-10 = 1 block, 11-20 = 2 blocks, teams have a block economy of like 10 or 12 or something)
hmm interesting
So instead of obsession ab dropping points people worry about tiers
When I go up 1 point I worry
That seems worse
I was thinking there's an incentive for being highest wr in signups
11 point players would be avoided like the plague
With current system teams cant have a max of 5 20 point players
People wouldnt know points, only blocks
or for being certain winrate
Points go pppoof
This is good too
Like points forgiveness
right
like if you're 55% wr or higher on a season you get a point bonus for your team
I think giving good players extra point leniency is
Really scary
Agree, thats why we should definitely have this conversation 6mo in advance
true
I was considering just
Making points invisible
But keeping current system
Because that way we retain the current balance without the system visibility
Only concern is backlash
and season team formation
Well
I can have it say
“Valid” or “invalid: too many points”
And just directly help captains fill it
That seems like it's a lot more work for you
I’d rather than than what’s going on rn
I get like 2 dms a day with people malding about points
THATS TRUE
This would actually be less
sorry caps
i think the point system works tbh but people seeing how much theyre worth is bad bc like you guys say they screetch for it
^
I’ll just do that after season start
And work team validation into the team page
why don't you just make points visible once season starts
Then people will complain when they go away
instead of it being visible for the buildup to season
thats prob alot of work rn to change that i would assume
Having it consistent is better
hmm
I could also just display points that are locked in for the season
that's what I'm saying
And not current points
season poinmts get locked when ur committed to a team now right? or is that the 12th
Like you can't see point fluctuations during preseason, you only see what your point value is for season considerations
the 12th
rip, then i believe also just changing it to blocks woulda be very good too then or to take a survey to see how people feel about it
both ways are beneficial
I’m down with that
That seems best for now
Blocks is gonna create a balance nightmare
I’ll write an announcement soon
About it

why not just
divide points by
like 5
right now
and round
I mean that would be the same as blocks no?
Just smaller blocks
i think blocks don't change anything
Definitely not something we’d want to do right before a season
How so
people wont play to try and not go up to next block
only benefit is
less imace on games on the block
impact*
I mean I agree that it won’t change behavior but I think it makes balance harder
then I don't see the point really
But yeah blocks are the same as just scaling down points
I’d like to hear cam out
people kinda need points rn
bc
If it’s something he spent time on
trying to field a team
without any bearing on who can join
will be a nightmare
I’ll write a validator
Then make the change
I need to do that anyway and I am stuck doing nothing for a day for dumb  reasons
So I’ll just do all of it tomorrow
wait but like
how are people supposed to make competitive teams than
just hope their roster gets close to the limit?
Also have a warning for low point teams
Or like a scale
i see
More green the closer to the limit
also
why respond to dms
isnt that what scrimbot for
Because they come from my close friends
Or
Many of them do
Or it’s like
People pinging me in general
Or whateve
ah i see

Tell them they’re dumb then honestly. You can ignore them and have them respond to the scrimbot
That’s also why the suggestion part of scrimzone is there too no? To put an input of how to better the server. If people just wanna complain with no solution then it does nothing
I don’t think telling people theyre dumb will help the server
That’s fair. I meant more as to ignore the complaints until they make it server known
Having one person hate the system when everyone else is okay with it is just a lost cause for that person
Idk I feel like if it’s being brought to me by a friend I will usually talk to them about it because I care about their thoughts
That’s fair as well. That’s looking at it from a friend perspective though.
I mean what would you do if valor was messaging you about something idk
It’s a
Shit situation either way

accidentally dmed scrimbot link when testing
i deleted it from dms
tbh i usually tell valor whats up whether he likes it or not lol
but thats a bad example
he does the same for me too tho

@Stanley how heavily is the bot weighted to call mason mora
its simply not a possibility that he isn't
Lmao
I want numbers
0.000%
it doesnt happen
hard coded in
nice
@Jonah @Jacob @Noam
no idea lol
idk
i would assume results
post end game lobby then so we can put them in at some point
ok
Post results and say what team has what side
Don’t send drafts
Ill log all games tmrw
ok

Side select?
I am hearing from Kathy that Drago was soft inting, didn't base when needed and had toxic comms
Dm scrimbot
Easier to log
okay
kathy should tho
^ this
soooo
we have mental explosions
Bot#8380 kayn player now it wouldnt need to run it out my bronze
among yellow and green teams
this is good
wait what
whos explosion from green?
explosion?
not actually
but like
jacob ur exploding?
tilting
an and blake and then drago
soooooo
Okay I think Drago was fine
I asked Valor because Kathy said she was just venting to me and he said vibes were fine, mid-late game 2 everyone was quiet and Drago muted himself
So never mind that
better to mute himself then being voice comms toxic
I agree
That's why I'm saying it's all good
okay glad its settled, but judging from his general chat he seemed very upset
yea
he was
yellow had a bad time
which is weird bc i thought their team was very good
lowkey thought my team would come in last
I think maybe Drago and Kathy do not get along well in lane
but unsure
probably
drago is the most agressive player
and can be toxic
bad synergy then, me and hidiri just got into a discussion during gam2 about mistakes
BUT OUR SYNERGY CLEAN
and diana broken eventually
pick diana
i did
lost to mord
now i play mord 🙂
morde is broken tho
literally cancer
yeah
can someone inv to me
to game so i can watch
kk
love u
i edited message for it
sorry
didnt see this

green team wins on red side against purple

i logged all 5 games so far
ILY STANLEY TYSM

this format was super sick btw
yeah it was fun
hopefully everyone had fun so we could do it again
i logged the final
:)
I think everyone except drago and Kathy
We will
See what happened there
this may be obvious wintrading
I’ve been talking to him about it
He’s actually pissed his points have dropped lmao
That’s why he played jinx game 2
Wants to get back to 28
LMAO
I keep a close eye on him
Dw
Is Teddy pulling the wool over Dean's eyes
Nah
13%?????
I mean he’s been off roled a lot
By his own volition
surely he's as good as me on other roles yes?
he is worth less than me
Filter to just his adc games
And look at the scorelines
And tell me he’s not trying lol
25%
you can int game and not score
I feel like y’all don’t realize he’s just not that good of a player
I watch his college matches too
This is like
Consistent with those
right now
he is not palying agaainst college teams
The “teddy inting” narrative is just really strong
we are not that good
hes against bETTER
I mean decision making and consistency
Right he's playing against me and Jacob
Not comparative skill
💀
I don't think he is purposefully running it down but i do think he is not trying willfully
Which I think is true for a lot of ppl idk
If we get him for this we get me for running back fiora twice and my drunk out of my mind night
I think if we implement the changes we discussed it should help this
i mean 15% total winrate is different from that
But there’s also just specifically a witch hunt for teddy which is really cringe and I’d like to not perpetuate that here
this is kinda a huge outlier
i like the guy but man
i am a super big fan of hiding points
make it basically mmr
i think its a decent idea to try
I mean
There are other players
Who have done similar (will)
But we don’t talk about them
B/c there’s not a narrative
The point system is meant to bring people to 50% win rate all time and he was over pointed so a quick cascade is expected
Also a lot of the games were into Rex who was severely undervalued
theres no narrative bc lower point players have lower overall impact on games

Right, but a player who has the weight of the entire game on their back playing only slightly under average has the same effect on the game as a player with lower expectations completely bombing a game
If this is something y’all think is a legitimate problem I’d be willing to discuss it in call but I promise this is something I’ve spent literal hours looking into and inting is something I take very seriously, at least in a large scale situation.
I would appreciate it not being implied that I’m being “tricked” on something I’ve spent a lot of time thinking about and investigating
It feels very hurtful and it feels like it undermines the care and effort I put into this server
i feel like this happens a lot
we talk about something you've dealt with behind the scenes without us knowing about
Ok
Assume I’ve thought about
and then you feel bad when we ask questions because we didn't know you dealt with it
Literally everything
I literally live and breathe this server
If this is something that happens a lot, it’s possible it’s not my fault!
I also try to lead my statements about these topics with
This is something I’ve thought about
Or
I’ve considered this
If there’s a better way to communicate that let me know ?
I was making a joke, I didn't meant to imply that teddy was purposefully tricking you
Still feels bad when it’s inserted in the middle of a serious conversation
I know you didn’t intend harm
Just was trying to express my end of it
that's fair
I'm sorry, I'll be more considerate of that kind of stuff
I appreciate that

i mean lets all cool steam here, im sure anything anyone of the admins does gets talked over with other admins as well. noone is going rogue
also scrimbot is on a world domination path
Bot#8380 true
WTF
wait what^
wtf is this
please tell me that wasnt coincidence
LOL
@Stanley im scared, if i make a complaint to scrimbot about scrimbot will i get hurt by it
okay testing this
also scrimbot is on a world domination path
oh my god it didnt do it this time
WAIT
THAT IS
SO
HILARIOUS
I THOUGHT THAT WAAS EDITED
that's really funny 💀
im kinda terrified please send help
a robot is taking over
Dean putting my positive talk on blast in general chat over here lol
That’s actual scary
very vERY ironic
of all the messages it could've responded to it happened to be that one
with a perfect response
No fr that was
Terrifying
and of all the responses to that particular message that one is hte most perfect
imma go to bed knowing a robot knows my address, goodnight all if im not on tommorow, you know why
Can someone send signup links through next week?
I believe everything’s normal although it would be cool to do a tryout scrim this coming week or next
Ohhh wait
Clash weekend
So they’re at 6pm
has anyone reached out to capt coffee / was he invited by an existing member
I think sarvaris invited him?
Bot#8380 me something
LOL
Finally he responds to me
Bot#8380 can full hours today
Ooh extra talkative today lol
wow scrim bot is firing on all cylinders
also okay, just wondering because he sent a message about filling out a form so making sure he feels welcome

Hong sent a long ass message to my DMS explaining his win rate from his perspective (wasn't just a drama dump, we had been talking yesterday he  asked me to send it to admin)
Where would you all like me to send that?

logs maybe?

🙂 me inting in teddys complaint game
About the teddy thing though you have to consider that teddy is underperforming but his main role/play style is weaker. On the other end for people who preseason is working for
You get these wineates
I think Dean is right here and you just let it play out and points should even out. If this becomes a long term thing and not just an adjustment maybe we need to reevaluate all together
But overall if teddy is struggling when he’s such a large part of teams point wise it makes sense that his team would be losing because no flame but it means that the other players on his team are literally statistically outmatched
Just as an example though I know it’s not really the same
I have been absolutely inting my ass off but my win rate is ok because I am worth less points and my teammates are much better
I feel like this is definitely just a case of the teddy is throwing narrative and not a serious issue (at least as it currently stands)
Anyway that’s all from me
Just want to make sure everyone knows this isn’t flame to people who have low points (I’d say I have low points). But we have the point system for a reason people who are lower points generally have weaker gameplay than people with higher points

That's what I've always done
I understand and agree with this, but I don't think it's toooo much of the reason
It's just a bit strange though
Bc I feel like in my games I don't have to try super hard to carry to win, and I'm technically higher points than him
I think it's def higher point players coming in (Rex)
That contributes to him lowering
Like if diamond midlander came in I'm pretty sure my points would drop
Maybe we could analyze this
Are other adcs dropping on average too?
:0
Adc sucks this season I know that
i drop the average smh
I sent a couple messages after he joined
2 big reasons not to: 1: player draft would force points to permanently be visible 2: player draft results in more unbalanced games 90+% of the time which IMO was a big reason people weren’t playing signups
But mostly number 1
Bo3s have felt significantly closer this season from my limited knowledge of what they were like before
Yeah it’s nowhere close to what it used to be
Let me find what I said to Stan last night one sec
Also about adcs feeling weaker, I've had a couple games this season where i was 60-80 CS up on lane counterpart and was still 2/3 levels behind top and mid and even with ADC, so i definitely understand where Teddy is coming from
Yeah that's why I say we can look at points
And see if all adcs aren't doing so well
Actually wait
It would only affect adcs above average
I understood that he meant hypercarry players more specifically
So people like Rex and I would be less likely to be harmed by it
Also this
I’m also just gonna say 25% on 8 is not a real sample size
If the 15% on 16 was for just adc I’d give it merit but
8 games is not that many
wtf leaking dms
True

i have definitely gotten dms before player gen about how they really hope they don't get matched with another person on the list
You can just say Ans name it’s ok
LOL
Also the player draft didn’t do a good job of ensuring players weren’t on the same team, all it really offered was the captain being able to pick 1 person to be on their team
And I don’t think reviving a broken system for someone who has beef with 90% of players in the server is worth tbh
Why does An have beef with 90% of players
Ask them about it
Like is there a history beyond x and y players used language we are uncomfortable with?
I can’t begin to understand
No they like
I see 💀
Think everyone exists specifically to tilt them
I’m not going into it but
It’s not legitimate beef except for like 2/3 people
gotcha
Also fwiw it would be easier to add a list of people who can’t match together into autogen than into draft
As in
It’s impossible for draft
Not saying it’s something we should do, just saying it’s possible
:monkmental:

I think making a blacklist of people who can’t play together causes more problems than it solves tbh
If you can’t get over some minor differences to play a signup bo3 on the same team that speaks to other issues imo
We aren’t asking you to be friends we’re asking you to be civil and play a game for a couple hours
Agreed.
This is not directed towards anyone in particular and goes for everyone btw
But like this server has a lot of people now. You don’t have to like everyone here but we do expect everyone to get along well enough to be able to play signups. If you don’t feel like that’s something you’re capable of then that falls upon you to deal with not the admins
And any choices you make or things you say are your own responsibility
Obviously this doesn’t apply when the person you can’t get along with is breaking the rules
But generally speaking that’s my take
And if you can’t bring yourself to deal with it you can always just
Remove the signup
Right, you don't have to be on a team with someone you don't get along with for a whole season, you're playing a bo3
Exactly

Maybe save for few extreme cases

What happened if I may ask
Nvm I read it makes more sense. Tbh I thought Jacob was complaining at first
Can I also ask what the president thing was even for
for funny
yeah!

game 1 logged
should be logged
nom said he was entering tho but just in case
am in middle of entering
Pog!
Tysm  {Reactions} 👍  [2022/12/05 午後 10:20] nomulus should be in

Yee tysm

Is messaging @player(s) in the signups channel advocating to run a game tn kosher @Dean
How does that work in threads?
If you can do it in a thread it’s preferable  {Reactions} 👍  [2022/12/06 午後 01:49] jeandones But if not announcements or signups is fine
asking a non-jew about kosher clarifications smh

oh my b
@Noam is advertising a certain day's signups kosher
i think i did it correctly lmk if i didnt

There are no preclusions about advertising signups in the Torah, unless you're doing it during Shabbat

Perfect

Wtf are we talking about lol
Wtf is this
Cylako doesn’t think Judaism is real  {Reactions} 👀  [2022/12/06 午後 03:19] nomulus Ye fan?

Can someone remove russ from signups :)

How can other admins let users into the server?
I don't want to let someone thru welcome if that messes up adding them to the website
g3 purple won red side

i logged them all  {Reactions} 👑 (2)  [2022/12/07 午前 11:47] jeandones I need to set up passwords

I can do it soonish

@Admins You can now click on players on the signup page to delete them
:D
Also im the only player signed up for any games over the next week smodge
I work the next 6 days:/
And I’m back on that 12 hour grind and @Noam told me to stop winning lol
My tank Samira top is too op for the server to have
LOL
i think its broken for me
i cant see anyone
tuesday
12/13 is the only day with anyone
i could have sworn there were people signed up before
there were for yesterday and monday im p sure
maybe you deleted everyone :0
(by accident)
would it be possible to do a "remove mode" button?
i feel like it might be easy to accidentally delete someone
you can just refresh
to bring everyone back
its not editing the database, just the html
oh sick
they really think we just
deleted points
scrims reading comprehension

I’m just glad I was 31 points at one point
@Dean why does it say missing 3?
Uh
What did you do
nothing
i just clicked to that team
the rest are correct
No clue
LOL
wait
yeah idk

yeah mine also counts down from 3 until you have 1 person left, then it stays at missing one person lol
Wait wtf
Try ctrl shift r
It works for me
If not I’ll fix when I’m home
okay yeah it's fine now
was doing that earlier
Lol

@Admins can someone push for scrims signups tn?
I would except I have 0 sleep so I need to nap until 6
Alana is at my house
Have fun!
@Dean mega silly scrims
owo tell her i say hi
She says ❤️
Bot#8380 i get used  {Reactions} ❤️ (3)  [2022/12/10 午後 02:38] redloheb_ Lmao
holy
Scrim bot getting kinky
oh lawd
is this the next coolio

We could maybe set up a system where Jacob onboards new ppl to the server?
i like that
not a bad idea
Could be fun
I want a Jacob ppt

I’m at work:(
Rip 72 hour workweeks

I would die.
holy
Solid paycheck at least. I need to find my team some shirts  {Reactions} 👑  [2022/12/10 午後 03:37] cylako Fund*
godspeed

DEAN LOG GAME !
1
AND THE REST OF THEM

Was scrims at 6 pm bc clash right?
ye

Poor soul me

you were waiting for it to hit 12 weren't you
tee hee

oh my god
this is a lot of data
i can only lock 1 person in rn should I ?
me!
or should I wait for whole roster
i mean you can just say who you're intending right
it's me put me in coach
i need some to play their games :(
why is that a hmm lol
i think he may want to play for another team
D:
it me <3
jacob how could you
:)  {Reactions} isforme  [2022/12/12 午前 12:24] .jaspr cam i've missed you
finals have been kicking my ass :)
bro same
i wrapped up the majority of it tho luckily
my schedule is also not open to playing a scrim until like saturday
thank god i got my 8 games in
i have 4 finals D:
friday saturday saturday monday
im 40% done with mine
one tomorrow and 2 projects
i only have 1 but i had had fuckton of projects to do
tuesday is my final day
i'm done 2/5 classes atm
but all of my stuff comes crashing down on tuesday
today was my day I had like 3 projects due at midnight
oooof
i took up the unfortunate task of doing a fuckin art project
took pretty much my entire day today
unfortunate
i had 2 over 8 page lab reports due today LOL
okay i disappear into the void for another 5 or so days
i hate physics lab so much
jfc
wait
huh
lock in :isforme:
oh right one second
you got this king
my midlaner
Tracking them here
deleting messages once i add them
lec wooloo fr
SCRIMZONE WOOLOO
oh i have that sheet too
ill go over it on the podcast
first episode
lmao
why are blake's minions in other lmao
bc
he didnt send a message
OH
that makes sense wow
other is for ppl who dmed but their captains didnt
yeah
LOL
bc even tho i like "know" where they go
i actually dont
he could tunr around and
make a new team
LOL
he would too

oh wait do we need logo today
uh
i mean
it would be preferred
but
take your time at this point
:fizzshrug:
ok ill try to get it in today

@Stanley @Dean I’m not near a computer rn but PB was asking to be taken off signups tonight
I’m unsure if I can do that mobile
@Jacob if u kno
I think only Stanley and Dean have access to that?
If the issue is with the auto-gen draft you can just click them and they will go away
^
Tell him to text the bot
I did for future but I’ll tell him rn too. Gotchu king
I was thinking about signing up for your tryouts tommorow dean think I’ll cut it? I’ll show you my support powers

Ok ngl not having the admins at the top and having a "president" at the top
is hella confusing for new ppl
true
We should either remove the president role or group admins
or ungroup president
then whats the point
color role
i guess?
i feel like its a weak meme if all it does is have a different color
i think being listed as president on the side is at least a good bit
i mean its under supreme overlord and ruined king
boosters and bots
idk
maybe i can move down ruined king
idk if anyone says anything im changing it back
but we can leave it for now
ok

That it. I call being Optimus prime
Oh wtf these icons next to names are kinda hype

Did anyone enter last night’s games? @Admins
Me and Stanley
Bot#8380 yeah
Thanks scrim bot for logging games

bless scrim
bot

We got two people wanting to be added to website, theyll take over the server with highest wr soon so be scared
if valor can get these two spooky spooky

can we make eligible subs show points too? for finding subs reasons

Their points aren’t locked in
So no

Fair statement was just idea
Sorry could have phrased it better I just had woken up
Points get displayed when they freeze, sub points haven’t frozen yet  when they will they’ll get displayed
I’ll get the new ppl added asap
Yeah I figured, me and Jacob were just looking for sub ideas for the team but didn’t know how much the “eligible sub” people were even when we put them in the sub part of roster
I would recommend just trying subs you want to recruit in combinations in the starters to see if they validate
Or swap them in and out with starters to see how they compare

yeah just swap them for who they'd be subbing for

THATS TRUe
thats smart
also the two people arnt on the website yet, but theyre trying to sign up for tonights signups, its HeroicBunnt and Iya i believe
HeroicBunny*
they said they wernt on website yet tho

ok ill add them
sorry
at work
love you
whatcha work at dean king
they should both be added
same job ive been in all summer done tmrw tho
okay ill let them know, and spicey and idk what u been doing tbh
they have gold border
0 games
and theyre gold in flex
oh strange
they were high diamons last season though
D2
season 12
is this a manual thing or an auto generated thing
the border is done by the api
or
a script that interacts with the api
gotcha
i assume you put them in points wise as diamond?
yeah lol
ok cool
got scared bc of border

just realized how similar ny nut busters role color is to admins
might be a bit confusing cuz when I saw blake's name I thought he was one
this happened a previous season too I blieve
similar color
changed it to the color of the nut for now

cylako can you check if iya and heroic enjoyed it
first series and all and want to make sure the bm was not a turn off
I know iya was talking about not liking the bm
like the emoting?
idk about what particularly
she just said she didnt like the bm
fair
prob could get more details asking her
@Cylako you probably know them best
i can tho if you don't want to
they were fine i messaged them
okay cool
heroic im sure enjoyed it bc he popped up
popped off?
poppped off
okay i was confused lol
misspelled lol
hope they want to keep playing, heroic seems chill
heroic is very chill pretty much, iya ive just met recently so it seems fine
they are super fun to be once they open up

@Admins can yall answer this survey and share your thoughts on it with me? Will hopefully send it to everyone in the server, but if I need any tweaks before doing so lmk

Done
any feedback or is it good
is it tailored to what gamemodes you've played?
no
im not sure how to do that
and i think some of the questions apply to people who arent playing in the modes
okay that's what i figured
:teemothumbs:
seems fine i think

I can help you set it up if you'd like
i dont think its worth doing
i could figure it out p quickly
but i think having the questions not gated behind which modes you participated in is better
The only issue is if they're required questions and you haven't played
hm ok
ill look at those
there was like 1 or 2 that were a problem so i made them not required
theres an other option for some of them
so you could just do other: havent played
The question "Is there anything that would make you more interested in playing signup Scrims?" probably also should not be required
well
if they dont play
id want to know what would make them play
arguably thats the most important one
also whoever put "Drama out of nothing" can you explain what you mean by that in my dms pls ty
genuinely no clue what it means theres a few guesses i have tho
Phrasing a required question as "is there anything" is the thing
fixed
also you can always type
"no"
LOL
Yeah I probably will
That's what I did
how do you change roles
I would like to change mine
to what
also go to
mid top
oh ty
stanley bot laner arc over?
sadly yes for this season
i must prepare
It's because he's not playing with me anymore
Can't stand to lane with anyone else
he wasnt laning with you when he was on your team ...
a more reasonable explanation is that the first game of laning with you was so bad hes never touching the role again
actually mid/fill has been set
more accurate to my team :isforme:
blessed
Stanley I miss leaning with you
Our sera sona was unmatched
unfortunately our super weakside botlane was not helping that team
it was
miss lean ?!??!?!
opiod addict
Yeahhhhh
oh also if i lock a player as main roaster can i move them to sub after or no
yes
ill go back over legal roster moves soon
ill make a post and put it on the website somewhere
I also done
oh i was waiting on locking in a guy bc he may be moved to sub
so I can lock him?
sure yeah

I hear mason still doing dance moves tonight lol

yeah this is
bad
I wasn’t there so idk what happenned, I just heard he was dancing on bodies lol
@Cylako @Olaf (Erik O.) @Jonah Theres a backlog of about 3 toxicity messages in scrim bot messaging
can one of you take a look at them
been over a week for a couple of them
Tbh I didn’t know if I should interfere with jacobs and Noam’s responses
how so
Well the drago one I believe it was told that he just muted himself in game so he couldn’t be toxic, I feel like that was the right response for him to do
The An part I need to ask Jacob about
Worth noting mason has already gotten warnings and a strike
and was just warned about this yesterday
I warned him yesterday for sure but it was an official warning he said he didn’t know we couldn’t all chat anymore
Wasn’t an official warning*
ok
But today definitely was out of spite I think
I just know my team was really upset that hes still doing stuff after they had a conversation with him yesterday
like spent a good chunk of the game upset that he was allowed to do this
idk
wasnt fun
I messaged two of the people on ur team but I agree. Idk if u saw the message I sent him but hopefully he stops at least. When was last time he got an official warning or strike?
the last logged one was a year and a half ago and he got banned from being a captain about a year ago as well
so not recent, but if his name gets brought up again we should take it more seriously for sure
6 months ago I see for one of the admin logs
Oh I got it for sure
I agree
nah thats 2021 LOL
Oh shoot. U right
Yeah I think a warning is fine then, it’s been a long minute since he got one. Same with me 😂 rip my bad language
agreedge
@Jacob @Noam I’ll need ur opinions on both of you’re scrimbot complaints then. I think the drago one was just shown he muted himself but idk what was said. Jacob I’d need more intel on the an leaving call thing
it was a while ago
iirc it was the bracket event?
blake was complaining to the usual extent
an has a personal vendetta against people that complain for some reason
so in an effort to not tilt herself she left call
this made draft planning harder and made it pretty awkward
i'm not sure if an said anything to blake or just left, like i said it was a while ago

Has An not done this in recent memory? My memory is a little hazy but I believe they have like gotten an almost identical warning within the past 6 months
yeahhhhh
happened last season for sure
Was there any admins on the team?
im assuming you jacob or were you simply like
told information
tbf i think an removing herself from the situation for a couple of minutes to get her mental back is probably the best thing she couldve done
I don't disagree but it happens like
way too often during like moments where people are trying to communicate with them
often yes it sure does
im trying my best to beat things into her skull hehe
I have mixed feelings about the action I think it is healthy to do so but the amount of times it is done should indicate some need for growth
i was on the team
i think noam was also but i don't remember
mm okay
just curious
my biggest problem with it is the lack of communication
just wanted to know if your posted thoughts were your complete thoughts
yeah that makes sense
like if an explained their problem to people and it's valid complaint
then either 1) it stops and problem fixed or 2) it doesn't stop and an can make a complaint to us
after this happened i remember being at her house and i told her very clearly that you dm scrimbot if you have issues go tattle to the bot if you have problems and it took a few minutes for my point to get across
i was in call and it was blake as usual, people don't tend to leave call over that
an did take it to heart as shown by the taxi pb thing, and that was a perfect use of the system i think
tbf i don't think anything has happened since then
so for all intents and purposes i think this is wrapped for now?
agreed
o7
ya

Big spice okay.

Drago thing is a non-issue yeah
I was on the team with An and Jacob, I agree that it would have been better if she said she was gonna take a minute to detilt but idk if it warrants us following up atp

Sorry I haven’t been responding to scrim bot dms I’ve been really busy lately

Ur solid kings

I gave Alana the andromeda role

Huge ty
I think dean just needs to add her to the website Andromeda roster
yes

I’m sick atm so I won’t be on discord much atm

Feel better king

Feel better!

Updates#0001 This channel has been set up to receive official Discord announcements for admins and moderators of Community servers. We'll let you know about important updates, such as new moderation features or changes to your server's eligibility for Server Discovery, here.  You can change which channel these messages are sent to at any time inside Server Settings. We recommend choosing your staff channel, as some information may be sensitive to your server.  Thanks for choosing Discord as the place to build your community!

Who are you

Community Updates [System]
they just moved there
its not automated
bc its js
ah

I’m alive again hello all

hi cyladad

I’m sad I had to miss the tourney
It looked like a banger

Hi dad

Hi my king

stanley wtf is scrimbot
hes babbling
It’s amazing

roles shud be reset

Reset how?

hm?

team roels removed
is what mimi means

wait shouldnt russ have andiromeda role

yarp

This was answered as the least favorite part of the *signup* format
Do y'all think this is something we need to address or is this person missing a few neurons
This was their favorite part, but this was never a signups feature??
guys im gonna cry
🥲
Think they don't realize signups and the season formats are different
Or bracket idk what they're talking about
They might think bracket is replacing team?
I have no idea but imma guess if anything the first one is from doki
If I had to guess
I dont think youre alone on that one
i think the funny thing is
if its about team format (which it almost has to be, right?) its just not even true

I was just trying to figure out what level of quality people would want from scrims clothing and already someone is accusing me of guzzling money from scrims members
bruh lmao
LOL

???
How
hmm
not sure we should be selling merch for profit
or something like that
I don't believe we were going to be selling merch for profit
me neither!
I guess people are so used to overpriced merch

we shouldn't fill out the survey again right
????

this isnt completely true but i do agree that it is much harder for new players to find teams and be brought into the group
but its mostly just because the server was built as a group of friends
I mean I think there is a lower threshold of entry but I don’t think we are unwelcoming
For returning players I meant
the fact that 10/29 starters are new speaks for itself imo
i was new last season and i'm a captain and admin, it's not like the server is super insular or something
you just have to be willing to make friends and you'll be fine
^
yeah
im not saying its problematic
im just saying i could see where that person is coming from
because you have to put alot of effort into reaching out
I agree
With Jonah
yeh

I do think though just by playing signups people get to know you
i believe we are welcoming
this person if it is who we think it is
kinda didn't come at it from an angle of wanting to get along with others
unfortunately
true

i think alana and yaveed are 2 examples of this
alana being more willing to make friends and reaping the benefits
yaveed kinda shutting himself off to team format and feeling isolated
alana is so silly goofy i love her

New best scrim zone jg

Lol
So true

@Admins can someone do game entry for the most recent night of scrims
Tuesday I believe?

I can
should be in

Pog

Scrimzone subscription????
dean has become capitalist
Discord trying to force us to monetize scrimzone

Time to murder the robots
Bars

Only one person bitching about the point system big dubs
Got 29 responses, probably not getting more
@Admins what’s the best Time for y’all to have a quick call and review survey results?

Probably one day after work for me
So 6pm  {Reactions} 👍  [2022/12/27 午前 10:13] redloheb_ Or so

i'm good pretty much whenever until january 8th

Uhh thursday for me
Anytime Thursday. I can also signup for signups Thursday too

Ok can we plan on 6pm Thursday the 29th?
4 people guaranteed is good enough for me lol
Anyone else who can make it is icing

@Jacob don't we have the basketball game then
Oop mb
Forgot to put it in my calendar since he still hasn't gotten the tickets yet
@Dean mb can't do Thursday at 6
Uhhhhh
Hm

Cant meet
Going on vacation tomorrow morning
So whenever u guys get together feel free to ping me and I might be able to join on my phone, but don't plan around my schedule

Sounds good!
Enjoy the vacation

That website got me messed up on mobile. Whenever you guys are available I can get a recap from someone or something😂
If you’re just available anytime Thursday I can mark you down for the whole day
i know the guy who made the website lol
What???
That’s crazy
it's actually the professor I work directly with for research
That’s wild
he originally made it just as a tool for him to organize his schedule
but he realized it would be widely useful
he mentioned it so offhandedly when we met it was wild
Small world
frfr

The king of site webs

(pinned) @Admins Make sure to NOT refresh the game entry page immediately after entering a game. It will log the game twice which is really annoying to undo.
Pinned a message.

@Admins MEETING IS AT 8 PM TOMORROW
BE THERE OR BE SQUARE

Ok my king
What does being square do also

you're just not round
jacob and I will be at the game we mentioned

I'm in a meeting to decide songs for next semester so uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I'll read what you guys say :D
Suggest league songs !!!
We literally
played one
last semester
Bot#8380 you cant buy 3 so probably just steal the benefit
fuck you

Which one?

Steal all benefits

@Dean is it just me and you tonight at 8? Who else is showing up

@Jonah @Stanley  should be there too
Okay hot

wtf i can be there?
no love for mimaw fr :(
Hopping on
Compy being slow
i am here
mimi U CAN COME QUEEn
we will allow it for now
btw did u see the matilda musical, they made it after you
yes
@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi)
No way sampling bias graph

We could go back to signups bot but I think website is better
Positive:  - Get to improve  - Get to play with new people w random teams  Negative:   - Takes too long to get into game sometimes  - Hard to know if there will be 10 or not  - Trolling unpunished (throwing/bm)
Bo5s could be a good event
- Scrims with no stats/point, truly for funning it ??

OTHER GAMES  - TFT - VAL - LOR - OW2
EVENT
- LAN PARTY in PHL - Group Trips for LCS Spring/Summer - MSI/FINALS watch parties near baltimore or nyc
Lan party in phl goes hard

is this the summary of the meeting?

ye

interesting

Need to pick a name for the kickoff tournament:
sstanley and I are tooooo sad to
Bot#8380 also "oh enemy
hehe
both games we were green team on red side
stanley played top game 2
Does this look good?
yes
i like the name frostbite
are we sure we can get every team scheduled for the days they have to play
since its not for points or anything we can literally run any roster
each team has 6+ players so it shouldnt be an issue
spectres is ghoing to
Bot#8380 it
put masin in
mason
ok not
"any roster is ok"
but within reason
its something we can fix
is what i mean
If a team can't make it i will tlak to them and figure it out
obviously im not letting them do that
i bet they will try!
maybe not
i wont
it would be very funny
phrase it like that
lol
i really just meant
any legal roster
gotcha
slightly over ok?
Wait
An said there was a way for rhem to have rex / hong bot
How tf
there isnt
still 1-2 poitns over
@Dean did they get any players moved off for finalization?
no An is delusional
An told will and alana they could play for the team and then cut them
which made all of the combos they marketed to people impossible
Final version
i send at noon tmrw
gn all :D
literally tried to get everyone
On god
im glad i got alana though
Me too
Best universe

What week is the event?
Everything looks amazing

Wait Dean if this is this weekend i kill you

Yeah I heard about that
It’s all based on masons advice too
^^
Nah
Next week

thank god
i'm away for a conference from sun-th this week
Phew

Will the Monday - Wednesday games be hard to get? Or those just streamed signups
The games are played Saturday/Sunday and then streamed the week after

Ohh okay sounds Spicey

@Dean hey
I can show u streamelements late tn
Uhhh I gotta go to my grandmas lol does tmrw night work?
Sorry I didn’t realize I was going until today
She doesn’t have wifi

Oh dear
I literally can not play 14th-15th
Extremely unfortunate
this falls right on
going back to school for me
(i have to bring my sister back)
i hope other people go back at different times
Would it be possible to like
Bot#8380 drop the enemy't you's quite funny
So true
Play the games over the course of the coming week instead
THEN I CANT PLAY THEN
well maybe i could
im on day shifts so
Yeah I think sat sun is best overall
Trying to schedule multiple times for multiple teams is tough
Just lean heavily on subs if needed
i don't think i have enough subs to do this
not sure though
i feel like if its recorded right
couldn't we play sunday-sunday
monday-sunday*
and try to get the best showings of the teams that will be playing in the season
i'll schedule it if you want
I mean I think the issue is we won’t know ahead of time who is playing who
It’s meant to be more of a Demacia style cup tournament where it’s not meant to accurately represent team strength or whatever just gives ppl a chance to play
I’m sure if you have to play with a weaker roster the team you’re against can try to do the same
i feel this won't be as fun to watch though
why not, swiss issue?
Yeah
I disagree
Considering it’s blinds I think it would probably be fun no matter what
oh i didn't even realize
blind pick
Yeah lol
It’s very much a for fun event
i see
I think people getting to watch subs play would be cool
it will have no impact on the season then?
Correct
Or on points
gotcha
Only thing that matters is what charity wins
Which realistically isn’t a big deal anyway lol
my only concern is that if we can't play a lot of the main roasters a lot of people will be not interested and donations would go down
also my team straight up won't have a captain in anything other than textr
I think the agency lies very heavily on the casters no matter what
If this is an issue with multiple teams I’ll reconsider but I think it’s easiest to just have a set time well in advance and work from there
Scheduling 6 matches per team across a week with non-fixed opponents seems
Really difficult
could do groups A & B with 2 smaller round robins too
only 2 matches per team then right
That would cause this to be a bigger issue
Imo
And it doesn’t really solve bracket
Bot#8380 in ban
So true scrimblo
Let’s see what all the teams say and work from there
yeah
my idea is
monday-friday/saturday groumps A & B round robin
top 2 in each group move on
(saturday maybe)/sunday single elim tournay with top 4 teams
i think this gives more people the opportunity to play overall
thus mroe people involved in the charity stream
It would also reduce number of team combinations and overall games tho
And realistically idk how much it would affect interest interest too much. If I couldn’t play, it would make me more interested in watching to hype up my team in twitch personally
i don't know if this holds true
for other people
Idk I was considering doing it more spread out across the week but we talked over it in meeting and decided on what we are doing now
Fair but I think it’s also worth considering that some people would be less interested in playing 1 hour per day across many days vs 3 hours across 2 days
i think the amount of people able to sit around for 3+ hours for 2 specific days is
going to difficult
I agree with Stanley
i wish i could have been there to discuss this in admin meeting but
i was in car
Bot#8380 now
You’re in the car now???
Scrimblo lying???
Bot#8380 don’t get stomped by any bo3ers  {Reactions} 👀  [2023/01/06 午後 04:31] jeandones 💀💀
Idk I think we wait on teams to try to change anything
we will wait for inital reaction I suppose  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/01/06 午後 06:17] cylako prob the best thing to do and see how many people can.

my captain already is asking about that weekend so at least people be alerted already  {Reactions} 🫡  [2023/01/06 午後 06:20] nomulus To be fair Dean did tell us to find out availability 🙂

Ur best captain shh
My king  {Reactions} 🫡  [2023/01/08 午前 10:58] cylako Haiiii :? @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi)

We see you in the scrimbots dms

LOL i actually sent that to see how fast the dm from bot gets posted in the channel
turns out its like instant

Good. Our slave robot keeps up on its stuff lol

Both games logged

Andromeda can not play either of the tournament days
unfortunately

Meta busters just be better
I was hoping one of those days were Friday but rip. I’ll just do signups that day
Frick yeah
Oh true yeah

Thanking the powers above that the patch is this week and not next
Would have fucked over the event so hard

I havnt seen the patch notes yet
I barely have been able to play lol
IS NEW SOL COMING OUT?
Not till February
I just meant we can’t delayed cast games if a patch drops
Because the replay files don’t play anymore

Ohhh lucky lucky then

50/50 chance

My link didn’t work? I copied and pasted it nani
Mine didn’t work either
Meaning the one you copy pasted
I have no clue why

Weird. I used it the other day to signup myself. Must be the matrix📺

@Dean
COME HERE
im
cant
what happen
dm me

Suggestion: Foresight draft for Bo1 tournament format. Instead of playing blind, draft ahead of time. Can be done just between captains, drafts are known in advance to playing the game, and teams can simply pick champs and play
issue is that's incompatible with swiss
unless you draft against every single team and only play some
i believe swiss needs g1 results to calculate g2 matchups and so on
valid point, didn't think about it
i have a rough idea for a blind pick draft system
i will think about it more and come back

I see Psycho Carrot in the server
I just added him
ah okay
cool beans

Bless his soul

Did someone named Laum sign up for the server
Got a dm
Not that I can see

I don’t know him myself

dont know em

Logged games
ty king
Can someone else remove roles I’m on mobile
Nvm I’ll do it

Oh I forgot too.

@Dean do we have a valentines day server icon

Nodge
this so sadge
Uh
Someone probably tried to drag someone and moved a channel
(Me when I was using my double click mouse)
ah okay
i fix
The text channels are correct
:smodge:
If You’re able to move them then it probably wasn’t me

dm'd scrimbot with MVP details but isn't showing up in scrimbot dms
Hm
Think the bot is down

scrimbot is sleepin

zamn

Both games for today logged

Pog
What r mvps just send here

Caesarius game 1, Sarvaris game 2

Ty

is websitye updated
how did specteres vs mvp go
2-0 spectres
it should be in
yeah it's in

today's series logged
andromeda vs rift sharks

GO HAM SPECTRES
no one’s been complaining yet recently besides seeing who’s going where during draft

That’s a valid complaint actually

It is but no one actually posted it besides the suggestion box
I feel like knowing what role each person is and that should be enough. “I got the wrong runes for this matchup”  is not a valid arguement for it
This incident happenned with nom and I game and as admins we shouldn’t have a vote in this besides defending our opinion

I think that hurts players who flex
Like on my team I may go bot, mid, etc. and share a pick with other people
Like if me and Zach can both play seraphine ashe we change lanes based on matchup
If we have to decide where we're going it kinda ruins that

no he means like
if we do blind pick
we cant see what roles the champs are locked in for
but we can see what players are in what lanes once we get in order
hes not suggesting a change, just saying pros and cons of current state

I mean I think people can still swap lanes
Agreed yeah
Lane swapping in game is different than intentionally misleading the other team
That is true but it's hard to call the difference sometimes
Well
If you order your jungler in the top lane and he takes smite
Yeah I'm not really thinking about jg with this
I mean like mid/top swap
Mid/top is always fine everything else isn’t is rule of thumb
I mean even mid/adc to some extent
I think I have to recuse myself from this discussion
Or mid/sup
hm
Suggestions were directed at meta busters i believe
i mean i think the distinction is when the decision is made
I guess I'm not sure what the "intentionally misleading" part was
i count lane swapping as a decision made after loading into the rift, whereas swapping a bot lane and support role is different
That wasn't just regular role swapping
like queuing up in the wrong order to trick people
has happened before
But couldn't you decide at any point before you buy items that another configuration is better
say its mord/mundo top jungle, and only one person plays each champ
i guess yeah
idk its a hard distinction to make
I think you can't really ban it without limiting draft/flex potential
i think its one of those things where sometimes it will be obviously malicious but most of the time not
not referring to draft at all
At some point we need to draw a distinction between competitive integrity and how the game is normally played
just the order you get into in lobby
No point in drafting a flex pick if you can't swap ur lanes
Like yeah pro play shows the champ's position in each role, but every game mode in league otherwise either doesn't show champs at all or doesn't show them in order
i dont think youre understanding what we are talking about here
How closely are we trying to match pro play?
Though they can role swap they just don't bc they are hyper specialized to their role
im not discussing anything thats happening before or during draft draft
Also yeah Stanley the suggestion was that before game is loaded, you get to know who is intending to play in what role
Once you load in you can swap but at least to see the intention
i think "have your players get into the order that they believe they will be playing in" doesnt limit any flexibility
and thats all that we are saying
Yeah my concern is why can't you swap who plays what champ where based on the enemy team
I think part of the skill expression is being able to figure out who goes where but again I'm biased
No i agree with you
I think a general rule is fine
agreed yes
But it would be so hard to prove someone intentionally didn't follow it
I just understand that teams that might not be as familiar with other teams might not know their funny flexes
im just saying dont do nami jungle and warwick support and then be like
I think that unfortunately just falls on them then
"oh no we decided last second"
but i think swapping solo lanes is very normal
I mean that's kinda obvious is it not
but i think anything but that is usually pretty clear after draft
What exactly happened to start this discussion
What were the picks
meta busters played thresh top and seraphine karthus bot lane
which i think is fine, as long as honan, jacob and cylako were in the right roles, which they were
i think if honan had slotted into bot lane with jacob, and cylako top, thats misleading
I think it's fine really
With those three champs you kinda have to expect funny combinations
Like I see what you get about misleading but
I don't believe there's a way to stop it without hurting the potential there
i mean the difference between now and what we used to do, is that in tournament draft, youd get to see who was playing which champion
You still kinda do
the argument isnt restricting something or not, its do we use tournament draft or blind
You can still last minute swap in tournament draft though
no you dont, thats the thing
Players are in the same place as in the lobby
you can make multiple rune pages and swap accordingly
........ this  was the entire discussion, if people would intentionally NOT do this
thats the risk for doing blinds
Yeah but you still know who's picking what champ
It doesn't change does it
i dont think it shows champs until loading screen no?
no chance to swap rune pages
Ah true
Not in blind
Forgot
anyway, i dont think its an issue unless this is a recurring thing
but i do think we should watch for people trying to game the system
Yeah I thinks it's fine as is unless we have serious abusers
its a potential risk
agreed
I think a disclaimer that player order may not match up to role in game
Solves this if we really need to do it
or we just go back to tournament draft if it becomes a problem
gives more time to set runes anyway, which ppl have complained about
Yeah
The thing with tournament draft is that it takes significantly longer
Negative for cast, not just players
which is why id like to default to blinds unless it becomes an issue
can always set runes in client
Ultimately I'll go with whatever we decide
True
positive for cast! more time to analyze
Ehh
I feel like some teams are gonna say we're doing it on purpose to confuse them but we're confusing ourselves because we don't have draft planned until 20 seconds before we finish champ select
Is this not entirely a case-by-case issue?
Wdym
Like dean said, it's not an issue unless it's recurring.
well we need to decide if were doing tournament draft or blinds overall
and i think we just do blinds unless its an issue
I think blinds is okay because overall it improves QoL. Also drawing a line between trolling and playing off-meta is very difficult in most instances.
Is the issue that you see Pantheon and Akshan and want to know who is top and who is mid while runes can be changed?
I can't tell if this is directed at us lol
i think that was the complaint yes

not particularly. I'm pretty removed from this conversation but it affects my team as well.
and if it was directed i'd say it, i really prefer not to be passive aggressive.
Considering Pantheon and Akshan can decide which lane they'd like to play basically up until minions spawn, I don't think anything is owed to the enemy team. If both teams have reasonable flexes, someone has the make the decision.
I understand wanting to take bone plating vs an Akshan, but the opposing team can just role swap and then all of this was for naught
agredg4e
was meant to be a funny but I appreciate that king  {Reactions} 🦧  [2023/02/01 午後 03:40] barisaxxy Pretty based take

If you do study on the opposing team you can prematurely guess or consider what champ is going where also
sorry i late on this but was iimportant

games logged

games for today logged

Tysm

Who wants a hug

i love the sing movie
so amazing

Lol

I got game entry  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/02/17 午後 11:38] Scrim Bot#8380 i mean to figure it hurts my teammates smile

-look into improved fitness metric

What
Fitness ||dick in your mouth||  {Reactions} mfw  [2023/02/19 午前 10:59] camdotzip Sorry! Russell stanely zach adam and vernon all beat you to it!

any way we can figure out the domain thing for mc server?
I thought you were looking into it no?
Also can we get the bot to do signups?
yes to both but
i don't know what exactly your domain portal gives you access to
I dont know either and customer service didnt get back to me
I just have the most basic godaddy hosting plan
So I probably cant

logging signups

logging the other ones

oh did you log the signups before your games saturday got logged?

shit yeah i forgot

they will
simply be out of order
i do not care anymore
understandable
my bad

Do you want games to not be entered before stream
Correct
I’ll enter as they are played
For assets :)
Ok
Tysm

Btw I know I haven’t been doing much lately if y’all need me for something let me know working all day just takes a lot of my time right now

I think generally we’ve been p slow during season, less stuff to deal with

@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) hello mimi i have a wonderful idea.
hallo
waddup
@Cam

Waddup dood
Anyway we should host weekly silly scrims
ohh?
silly bronze bravery scrims?
Different theme each week or something
But regularly hosted silly scrims
that wud be lit
id have to go out n buy some alc lolol
but im trying to stay dry until spring break :/ last time i drank i was so sick
Does not always have to be alcoholic!!
Silly scrims means drunk scrims
Themes like region drafts, ultimate bravery, new player experience, etc
yea silly = drunk lol
You mean for fun scrims
Mimi and I coined the mf term !!
Silly scrims is much nicer to say than "for fun scrimmy wimmies :isforme: "
LMAOOOO
But silly scrims means drunk scrims!
You will confuse people
i cud also like
drink a can of monster
and ill be just as silly
We will change history
Soooo wednesday night silly scrims or?
i can do thursday night silly scrims
cuz i have a 10am on thurs morning
I can do thursday
slay
let the people know mimi is back on da rift
Bot#8380 or below 50 range and make certain of a quick nhl
so true!
Thursday has team games scheduled on it
I’d say
Mon-wed or sat is the best
Tues? @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi)
i can do tues
@Cam start cooking up an announcement sir
Otay.
First one would have to be next tuesday
I am away until wednesday
as in
the 28th?
The 7th :(
I am away from my PC until the 1st
ahh
ye that works
Otay I'll cook up an announcement
We should brainstorm a wheel of silly scrim ideas
Started a thread.

Same but no one’s been complaining so it’s gods work
Also @Dean I watched ur stream and it kept cutting out and back in, was it bc of files probably or were you tabbing in and out of the screen? Also u sounded kinda tired/sick so I love you
Pretty sure the router at my friends house is a tin can taped to a brick
I was just dropping frames
LMAO. That’s awesome
Okay that makes sense
I am tired and sick
I streamed the game as well from my pov and our teams chat lol
I don’t know what’s wrong with me
I may simply die
I’m the best investigator then
Take laxidives
If anything that would make the problem worse
There’s a lot of stuff going around
At least near me
I think I have just
Unlocked a new seasonal allergy b/c I moved
But I’ve also just felt like death for a month at this point so :fizzshrug:
Could be mental health related

You have Covid x 10

@Noam does team on left or right get side select g1?
on website
left
@Cylako  {Reactions} mfw  [2023/02/26 午後 07:56] cylako ok ty
gotta make sure you saw it

Smooch

Logging games for this weekend
@Stanley any progress on bot signup links?

@Admins can you please help me enforce chat rules?
Thank you
If you see #season-discussion topics in #general please delete and let them know to swap channels
No point in making rules if we don’t stand by them

Will do
sir yes sir
When they talk about season discussion? Today I’m assuming or this just like a rememberance
Oh they just talked about it nvm
I didn't even realize it was meant to be trash talk

Well
The stuff teddy sent
But it’s also just like
Any season discussion in general
Like all of this
Wrong channel
@Admins can someone on computer do it im on movile
Mobile
got it  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2023/03/02 午後 07:18] cylako I’m also on mobile at work.

teams shud be reverted

reverted to what?
Like green team and purple team are unassigned

ya

I got all games logged
Up to date tm
Including y’all’s series @Noam

From last week?
nah
this one.
how are you doing that you don't know anything
real.
educated guesses  {Reactions} 👀  [2023/03/05 午後 10:40] nomulus big

@Dean i know theres probably not much you can do about it rn but the vods from the games last night are only in 360p
so if youre gonna reupload them we should probably just cast them (i can help cast if you want)
They’re still processing hd
If anyone wants to just stream the YouTube vod with commentary they can
Bot#8380 you to my viktor''s not sure  {Reactions} 🥵  [2023/03/16 午後 10:55] jeandones Ill log games

:(

Why the sad face king
i assume b/c rift sharks didn't win  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/03/18 午後 09:08] cylako Sucks to say thatll he won’t be winning today either 😎

keep it to season discussion sir  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/03/18 午後 09:20] jeandones This is admin lmao
he can say whatever tf he wants  {Reactions} smodge (2)  [2023/03/18 午後 11:13] nomulus dean smells

yeah

@Dean roster page is broken for me
on chrome with no adblock enabled
Ok
Try Ctrl shift r
If not I’ll fix when I’m home

someone needs to talk to taxi
like yeah an and daev posting gifs is annoying
but hes a fucking weirdo
Child porn is simply not funny
"The next person to send GIFs/memes/etc involving CP or anything of that nature is getting a one week timeout. Any repeat offenders will be facing serious repercussions up to and including bans."  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/03/20 午後 11:44] nomulus is that good for announcements with a spoiler tag on the word CP
should not be messing around with this
yes
do it
Yep
Ping @ players
what
what did he post
gif with luigi walking up to text saying child porn and getting spooked
i see
I can dm him as well if you think it needs following up on
But I do think Blake is gonna talk to him about it
Bot#8380 i think
thanks scrimblo
@Noam did you have to delete anything from anyone else
pb posted a weird feet gif
but thats it
daev sent the thing licking idek what and you told me to time him out
Also I’m ngl I forgot what that one was just remember it was not great
which one
feet or daevs one
That Zach sent
oh its a tom and jerry gif
Can u dm to me
"This is a reminder to everyone that there are minors in this discord and that you don't know everyone. Please be more thoughtful when making jokes or sending content that might offend as we want this to be a server that is accessible for everyone"
feels like that might need to be said as well
Yep
i can get it from him
Ty
my god what did i miss
if the thing daev sent wasn't too bad I can apologize to him just felt like it was something we needed to get under control
No it’s
Not great
Definitely escalatory
okay that's what I thought
idk
if taxi was the problem
and zach got dinged
i think a clarification wouldnt hurt
I mean I don’t think someone doing something wrong, and someone jumps in on the action they should get apologized to?
Clearly the other person is doing something wrong don’t do the same thing
Or even, something similar one step down
did he jump in on the action? like was it as bad as ||cp||? bc i thought u just said it was a weird feet gif
no that was pb i think
if they're comparable sure but if they werent doesnt hurt
I just think it sends the wrong message
None of it was good

If someone can type up a formal warning to taxi I’d appreciate that
Supposed to be a friendly mature server anyways, if you wanna talk about brokeback mountain or that cp stuff do it private dms
Also asking him to resend the child porn gif so he can favorite it ?
Like
Idk
what would we even say
something something official warning cp isnt funny or a joke may be triggering to some people dont do it again or else ban hanmer
Just like
Yeah
I think the announcement was fine as is tbh. Idk if there needs to be a warning
Mim put it well
There definitely needs to be
We announced it to everyone unless he keeps doing it
This is an official warning: I know you already formally apologized but I need to follow up to make sure you understand that CP or otherwise potentially triggering content isn't funny and shouldn't be shared in a setting like Scrim Zone. Doing it again will result in a ban so please think twice about what you send
That was just my opinion at least in the matter. I didn’t see the context of picture
idk if too long
Perfect
sounds great
Looks fine to me. Make sure to put a i platonically love you
Jkjk unless u want to
Don’t, actually
I don't want to take away from the levity of the situation
^^^^
I also don't want him to feel like he's being targeted or have hard feelings but that's my people pleaser side talking
That’s it I’m going back to college to get into phycology and brainwash people
where did that come from
Work thoughts
I think it being addressed concisely and seriously is fine
been there
I’m fun police in game stuff lol that’s when I see it lol
Anyone who emotes is getting a mad sticker from me in game😂

@Admins Can we make sure we are keeping a unified front on this btw, a lot of the times people only get disciplined or called out when they are new to the server, or happen to send messages right after podcast/games. I hard agree with Noam on not wanting to single anyone out unfairly and I feel like a huge part of that is holding our longer time members accountable, especially some repeat offenders whose behavior is "normalized" at this point. Not talking just one person here, its a few of us.   Also, I feel like there has generally been a lack of moderation in the chat, if you could all just spend a couple minutes now and then and just scroll through chat and see if there's anything going on that shouldn't be (inappropriate topics, things in wrong channels) and at least send a message to scrim bot if you see it, if not address it yourself that would be greatly appreciated. I'm spread very thin as it is and would appreciate some more support on this stuff. Not a big deal if we're not catching it all as it happens, but even sending a message to the perpetrators after the fact and making it clear that this server should be a safe and welcoming place will vastly improve the environment.  {Reactions} 👍 (8)  [2023/03/21 午前 12:23] jeandones Thank you
I would like a reaction or DM confirmation from each of you that you understand this message
If you feel this is too much to ask, I think we should revisit what it means to be an Admin here. The behavior tonight is not super far off from stuff that happens weekly, its just the timing of it that caused concern, and the difference in reaction to it troubles me.
If we're unclear on what is acceptable and what isn't we will probably need to resume somewhat regular admin meetings.
The thing with such a large server is that it's naturally going to require more moderation and that in and of itself might lead to more tension with people you are friends with outside the capacity of being an admin  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/03/21 午前 12:27] jeandones Which is the purpose of this message
I completely agree with you, I've definitely had to make some sacrifices of that kinda while running the server, and if anyone is super concerned about that and doesn't want to moderate please discuss with me, I won't be upset, I just think there is a set of priorities that come with being an admin, and we definitely don't want to have people with orange names facilitating or encouraging behavior that alienates server members.

I feel like in general we need to have a talk about what's going on
Feels like a lot of us have things we want to say but aren't sure if we should which is not great when we need to be working together to make sure this server is as good as it can be

I mean I don’t really scroll through general chat much bc people spam it. I check the scrimbot messages for complaints usually though
But no one ever posts complaints
If I see any swear words, cussing, flaming, toxic behavior in chat at all I’ll reply to their message and send a 🛑 sign
I meant more between admins
That’s fair. It’s been quiet weeks tho until tonight. Tbh the only issues I’ve seen for games wise in season is that scheduling is still rough but it’s a little better since last time

Mason is asking if pdf file as a joke is not allowed anymore and I'm really not sure where the line should be drawn

I was asleep for this
Holy shit that’s the most messages I’ve seen in general in one night in I don’t know how long

I think I’m being dumb here but what’s the joke of a pdf file
How it just sounds like pedophile or?
If so I don’t think it should be allowed. If we really wanna strict down on things at least. Simple things as saying “that is good, that is bad” is where it should be simplified to

Yes
I think it would be good to have a moderation guidelines document to set a bar for things that are or are not ok

issue I think is
we are holding our server to a higher standard than league of legend chat does
while trying to make a server of league of legends players
If our standards are league chat then we don't have any standards.

The moral of it though, if you have to ask if it’s okay. It’s prob not okay😂

@Admins please click on this and request access
Erik and Mimi are already on it
We need to be more on top of documenting stuff like this
i just requested
in addition to everything logged on that sheet, Blake and Jar have specifically done a lot of borderline things that probably should have been enforced, but since they weren't officially documented hard to track
i thought we just logged in admin logs to keep track persoanlly
We did but
in my defence
we haven't really been doing it
i havnt enforced anything since last time with mason  besides all chat
Nah you haven't been doing anything wrong, this is just a more easily managed system than discord channel
yep
thats fair
Youre good
did u pin this document too?
also it said u denied my access
Bot#8380 actually wait
okay ill wait scrim bot sorry
Pinned a message.
Cylako you should be good now
bet its working
I also requested
You should also be good
Just waiting on @Stanley , @Cam  and @Jonah
i did
so we arnt tracking each incident seperately its just as a whole to see what theyve done?
and whnever their last penalty was
yeah
p much
okay making sure
Also @Admins we need to find the soonest time we can all be online for a meeting
im thinking next tuesday-wednesday
Should work for me
either work for me if we decide ahead of time
Either should work for me if it's late
Tuesdays I need at night, Wednesday is good for after 2
i work next tursday but i can at night
so off that good for both

sure thats fine

@Cam  - Still need availability for tuesday/wednesday nights next week @Cam  - Still need you to request access to the doc
im good for either night just let me know when  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/03/22 午後 04:08] teslaplasmabolt After around 8:30 I should be good either of those days
Can't do earlier
Bot#8380 its been the stealth in the path spikes to be funny to return being; without being a new honor which must be in front, and one shot even unto rolling down.
Which message from Monday?

This @Stanley

I can do after 7:30 either day but pref Wed to Tues

@Cam  8:30 Wednesday?
Also this

next? sure
and uhhhhh gimme a sec and i will request access
i can do tues or wed

@Admins 8:30 Wednesday be there or be square (admin role REMOVED)
dont make me
show up at 8:31

yes chef
i respectfully decline
Jonah’s name gonna look hella purple soon …
lmao
/j /j

P sure im good for that, if anything changes I'll reach out asap
Also requested

I didn’t get the email
Try again
Nvm
Working
Bozo cell service day today
Working 👍
trying to delete these
@Admins anyone know a bot that deletes like
all messages in last 20 mins?
mee6
it can disable channels
and delete messages
im talking to zach rn
and already talked to blake
blake says matt was purposefully egging on zach
and said he'd talk to him
yeah pb reached out to me and apologized immediately
also to be fair i dont think the "not gg that was not a reason to win" is fine for the circumstance and pb's period message was worse
potentially true
i thought i had gotten that one also
i def deleted it
apologies for missing the screenshot
I personally really disagree with the "not gg" though It's not the other teams fault for the bug and its really bad sportsmanship

stanley expressed the same sentiments in a much healthier way
Tf happened
i dont think it's the same sentiment, stanley wasn't in the 40 minute game
there was a bug with the game and uh
zach was mad, he expressed he was mad, it's the season discussion channel
:)
everyone was affected, zach was mad, i think that's fair
it wasn't targeted at anyone specifically, just mad at the state of the game even if it was a bit rude
Idk even some of what was left in the channel is enough for me to think an admin needs to talk with them
I only saw the pic
did not see a message attached
Zach has been part of escalations every time
This is PBs first time but nynb has been somewhat problematic every time
I'm not saying what PB said isn't problematic
i dont see a world where pb, daev, and vernon dont all see some sort of suspension after this
easily discernable malice from all 3
Agreed
We said we'd be enforcing more and this is definitely something we need to crack down on
I think I have to remove myself from the conversation of discussing punishment because I'm biased
From your perspective who do you think should be suspended?
If any, then all
I think Z
I have no comment for Vernon I don't know him
Z ?
Did not mean to send that lol
LOL
can we double check for any other problematic messages?
Once we have im gonna delete
I don't think it's a good idea to delete them all so fast
ok can we screenshot everything then?
Was gonna say I think Zach for sure if we punish PB because they both escalated
I got what I got
i dont want them present in the server
It's like not toxic
But so stupid anyway
purposefully escalating
I am not trying to expunge Zach of any and all responsibility, but both with PB and Drago it hasn't been an instance of him instigating. Both cases were someone purposefully escalating the situation causing him to get mad and express frustration.
He's an adult
keeping my bathroom comments is cop shit !!
He can express it in a more effective way
Sure, absolutely, but he does not act without provocation, I think that's important to note.
and just give it to admins
ooooookay
ok sure
we havent had a bot that required this before!
so i didnt set it up
or just add it to admin
Did you mean to nuke the whole thing
he was testing i assume
Oh huge that's sick
Maybe we talk about this on wed
^
just wanted to delete that shit
sets a horrible example
Understandable
Will address penalties for the players mentioned as well then
I suppose I should have expected this with so many ||league players|| but wow they're a rowdy bunch
That's what I was referring to, what did you mean? Deleting messages?
will say my personal take on this is people who have caused repeated infractions of the same type, and have been warned against doing so repeatedly should have escalating penalties 100% but agree full conversation should be postponed
Bot stuff
is what i thought you meant
Ah
was going to bring both of those up regardless
Don't threaten me with a good time
??????????
Yeah definitely should
Noam robot enjoyer
this is hilarious
now that all of that's out of the way
the real issue on the table

The funny thing is its a super valid shot they just aren't allowed to take it
I think it would have been fine in a vacuum but with how the conversation happened it's clear escalation
Did someone make it so no one can message general 💀
LOLLL
How long are you keeping it like that
I didnt know I did that!
Who did lol I don't think we can change permission by channel
i think it is the
"potty mouth" role
?
should auto mute people for a couple hours if they spam bad words
i dont think its working
Why am I muted 😦

what exactly are we censoring btw
Will figure that out on wednesday also
word
theres default lists so i went with those for now
+ a few
dont really want to send bc its just a list of shit words lmao
how does it work? just regex the whole thing?
im allowing "shit" and "fuck" rn
idk its the same bot league discord uses im p sure
i would guess this yes
wonder how much that affects performance (i'm sure it's not significant but curious)

I went to bed at a bad time i guess holy cow I missed slot
A lot
Yeah
Crazy

I can’t wait to hear about it soon lol
I also went to bed
Did you sleep well king. 3rd place clash king tier 1 gotta get all the sleep
I woke up like 7 times last night
I slept ok. But my schedule today sucks
I’m on same page, I still think it’s weird u drive to peoples house to fix phones when they can just come to you lol. Does it pay well even

17 an hour plus 5 dollars per phone and I drive a company van so I don’t pay gas

Nvm that sounds nice now
Penis
Cock
It’s not in this channel
Fair I was checking lol
Everything but admin channel then or?
Only “public” channels
Team chats and admin chats don’t have it
We’ll discuss this in the meeting Wednesday
I just wanted basic implementation done quickly

Imma cuss a storm in general chat brb
As far as the whole toxicity stuff I think we put out an announcement that pretty simply says we’re cracking down on toxicity. Punishments for toxicity will be handed out more regularly when people cannot stay civil. This includes not only chat bans and restrictions but in prolonged cases this can include restrictions to your game. This means you will not be able to play in matches at the expense of your team. While this is not something we wish to implement toxicity in the server is becoming an issue. Even if you are not the person who started something in the chat you can still be punished for the things that you say. If someone is starting something or provoking you please report it to the admins. We are available via scrimbot dms and many of us have open dms. You can also reach out to us if you feel there was a bug or other issue in game that you felt was unfair. With all that being said the point of this server is to have fun playing games. While we do encourage a competitive nature it is important to remain civil especially in general chats.
Sorry wall of text

this is a really good start
Def gonna work off of it in the meeting
Good stuff :teemothumbs:
That is a good monologue
That sums up majority of toxicitity. And people saying me saying no all chat is dumb. HELPS PREVENTS TGIS DTUFF

Going to add that players who incur penalties shouldn’t be able to dodge them by rescheduling games. If it’s a 1 week and they were supposed to have a game that week, but the game gets moved, they will have to miss the next one. Yes this is going to suck especially for Nynb but that is kinda the point.
1 month would be missing any games in that time frame or an equivalent count as well
Helps teammates hold each other accountable
So 1 week=1 game 1 month=4 games
Makes sense
Case by case basis but generally yes
I think better way of putting it would be # of games missed needs to equal or exceed # of games originally scheduled during the timeframe
What if they have a bye week they can use tho ya know
That doesn’t overrride that player correct
Exactly yeah
Okay making sure then
But if they had already planned out the bye week before the ban then the game wouldn’t count against them
Or if it was the built in week
Fair
Seems a little complicated
Does that mean nynb will need to sub in Doki for pb?
We havnt issues the punishments yet I believe
^
We’ll clarify to captains once it happened
What happens if they can’t sub anyone? Is it just disqualification pretty much? Lol
I also wasn’t there to read anything that happenned so I don’t know full context of the bug or chat speaking
Dean saved a pdf of the logs
Oh okay
@Cylako
I guess??? Teams should have built in enough subs to avoid that lol
Nynb has 1 sub lol
Rest of their players better watch themselves
Right, which I’m sure they will do so they can still play their games
Self correcting system or something
Let’s decide how forfeits work in our meeting I have some ideas but it’s a complex problem
Our hatred for cute men and women. Censor them Al dean
Gettem
I read that log and I’m sure that log may have been missing some things but honestly I agree with @Cam I don’t think Zach said anything wrong
I’m not being biased I just think it escalated when scrimbot told Zach no and the NYNB laughed about it and started getting toxic
Yeah I deleted a few right away
Tried to screenshot all and send here
From just looking at those logs then that’s my opinion, I didn’t see full thing like you guys so I can’t have a 100% opinion
I mean I don’t think things are bad enough we need to force pb to miss games yet
These are prob the most problematic
We talk on this Wednesday
But we’re getting there
I’m just saying
If suspension, then that’s how we would handle it
Yeah wednesday whoever is there can state inputs
Should be everyone
I’ll be one minute late remember that
Yeah
8:31 on the dot
All celebrities show up fashionably late
Holy frick Vernon’s comment is funny though
Still wrong but was funny
I’m not sure we are reading the same message.
The brainless corpse one
Whichever you just pinged
Yeah I disagree but
Your own opinion I guess
No I said it’s wrong but for my own like personality inside the real world
It’s entertaining to see it. I don’t hold biased opinion im a board gamer
😎
Idk if that comment was after everything they said too. STILL IN WRONG though, was just a funny response to them and their trash talking

Idk the fact that pb says it and knows it’s wrong enough to immediately tell Dean is like bruh
for me its the fact that cam was actively typing and telling everyone to stop
And then he kept going didn't he
:)
That too
no he messaged me like
right before i did slow mode
I’m glad Cam was being a upholding citizen for sure. It woulda looked bad if a admin joined in on it lol
Surely this has never happened before
Lol
Wait when did this happen
Bro I’m always out cold when the drama happens
IM LOST HAS IT ACTUALLY HAPPENNED
Yes
And mostly same
Was it me
Multiple times
My small brain doesn’t remember then sadly
It’s usually between nynb and andromeda
Why is there even hate like
Both teams are equally good
surely I never contributed to anything
….
That’s my server owner
Dean I don’t think you have unless you’re drunk
Then ur off the wall
Ok but thats not a cop out when im always drunk
Fair lol
(jokes)
I was during the incident I was referring to tho  {Reactions} 😂  [2023/03/27 午後 01:07] cylako Seriously tho why do the two teams hate each other
From what I can tell its been implied that both of the wins by NYNB were not deserved and that kinda like
escalated things
Ngl a lot of drama starts with someone instigating daev
or vice versa
but yeah
The instigate one I understand for solely Zack being mad but the NYNB winning thing is petty I feel. No offense cam
If that is true at least
One day we all gonna meet up again and they’ll be a IRL match between the two teams lol
Wwe style
Jacob and I will ref a sparring match between them
I went to states as a wrestler when I was a kid and did varsity wrestling in high school for a year. Lemme at them
Undefeated
Gold medal in national bando tournament when i was like 12
That sounds nutty, can u show me some moves sempai
Black belt but I'm way out of shape lol
OSU
Could not be me
You got a silver didn't you
I’ve always wanted to learn karate or judo
nah i didn't get shit
You got me king. The best prize
True!
Oh my god this is terrifying yet adorable
Noam's picture is real mine is just a pose
How long can u hold that for is real question
Very little time, I have god awful balance
Just a well timed picture
Fair answer

Uhh I dont think there was any drama from the first NYNB v M31 game
And this was from a glitch that happened and disrupted a crucial teamfight
It is petty but I do feel that either everyone gets punished or nobody does
Also Zach told me he reached out to you, did he not?
after i sent that message
if they had both reached out when i sent it i would have said so
👍

Black belt gang

gang gang

@Dean can I get twitch mod so i can set up gambas
literally 1984 /j

LMAOOOO

Hey dean is there a reason we can’t put channels in slow mode
Bot#8380 you start 😄
Only you can
I was able to
Still able to
Oh
Wait can I just not do it from mobile
Oh wait
I can do it to every channel except season discussion
What’s the point of slow mow?
People can’t spam
Makes it so they can only type like once every few minutes depending on how slow you make it
That’s nice
Although I’m a multi text texter 😦 lol

Wtf is happening with censoring lol
why is coc censored
I actually am not sure on that one
Noam is a big clash of clans guy
real
i sure do love me some clash of clans
just for u bestie
ty

@Dean I would ask cam about mee6 censoring. It might be more reliable
Can we censor the word “Udyr” bc it’s trash and doesn’t deserve to be said
It’s worth a shot

@Admins agenda for tmrw  - How to better enforce rules - Bot management - How to deal with suspensions overlapping with games - Uneven applications of rules/biased for or against certain players - What being an admin means  Other things we need to discuss that can happen later thats a lot for one day and should tackle everything thats been happening recently  {Reactions} 👍 (6)  [2023/03/28 午後 07:58] redloheb_ mike got timed out for typing cum LMAO

yeah
bozo

am i good to log games?
Yea please thank you
It thinks 10:17 is saying loli ?????
??
Very strange
Uh well
I guess im going to remove that word from the filter
hmm
i'll be on top of it

games are logged
Huge

I can no longer be at the meeting as my exam is going to be 3 hours long as I learned
and I need to prep for a meeting with Kodak the next day so I'm like fully out of commission
sorry soldiers gl
Bot#8380 have we have a lot better role agency through pure damage
yaes

@Olaf (Erik O.) good luck soldier

meeting at 8?
8:30  {Reactions} 👍 (5)  [2023/03/29 午後 02:28] jeandones I’m going for a run and taking a shower at 5, I’ll probably play some norms after if anyone wants to join
3-4 games I think from 6-8:30

got my work done can game!

Huge I’m on now

I'm sorry I got hit by parking lot trap
Going to be 5-10 minutes late
If you're all fine waiting
MST? lol
Understandable
Stanley dark blue name :(
Well
/s.
Pretty sure Noam is right though it’s still from a place of not understanding
@Dean
right but not an excuse but its rather context
Yeah for sure
No excuses
Just an observation
yarp
Just a heads up involving the situation he stated that “he would have many things to complain about”

I am able to put season discussion in slow mode
@Dean at some point i have to talk to u about the 2FA for the email  ----just putting this as a note
Yeah good point
timeout jumpscare
HOLY SHIT DEAN
Honestly I don’t think that censor bots are the way to moderate our chats. I think the problems that we have in chat are less about people saying specific words that would be caught by a bot and more about just phrases and insults  {Reactions} 👍 (4)  [2023/03/29 午後 09:01] ktnpwincess people can and will get creative with it
And have gotten creative with it
agreed
is anyone taking minutes :p
Holy shit
Your memory
Stanley
TOBY CAM
command shift 3 on my laptop does an instant screenshot of my entire screen so i have that option if i see things
I use lightshot
me on macbook
Yuh
yuh
Yeah I definitely agree that Zach was instigated but I do think that he still needs to watch what he says
agree
I could the whole time
Just a heads up
I’m pretty good with discord settings if you want me to check anything
Yes he does
I think that resolving things themselves is good but they said it in chat where a lot of people saw
And we can’t change that
Pinned a message.
Pinned a message.
@Dean remember to take cylako off of the punishment log google spreadsheet

This includes but is not limited to: hate speech, sexually explicit content, illegal content or references to illegal content. If you are unsure about the contents of your message, do not send it and ask an admin for clarification.
You will be receiving a 1-week ban
good admin discussion here btw^
Do we have stuff left to discuss cause if not I’m gonna go
Ok I’ll talk to you all later
Have a good night
@Players Updated the rules to include: 'This includes but is not limited to: hate speech, sexually explicit content, illegal content or references to illegal content. If you are unsure about the contents of your message, do not send it and ask an admin for clarification.'   We will also be more consistent with applying server rules, and apologize to all of those who have felt they were treated unfairly, this was a failure on our part and we will do better in the future.  {Reactions} bunnythumbsup (3)  [2023/03/29 午後 10:19] jeandones (pinned) Admin messaging format:  [What the player did] is not allowed in Scrim Zone. We've decided to [punishment they received]. [Additional Comments]. If you would like to return to normal participation in the server, you may do so on [date]. If you would like to  appeal this penalty, you may do so by reaching out to Scrim Bot and requesting an appeal.

@Admins  is this good ^^^
ඞ
looks good
Looks good to me
yes
None of this anymore
is the tldr
Toxicity and flame are not allowed in Scrim Zone. We've decided to suspend you for a week due to your actions after the game on Sunday, including your next team's next game regardless of its date. You will not be able to participate in signups for this duration. If you would like to return to normal participation in the server, you may do so on April 5th.  {Reactions} 👍 (3)  [2023/03/29 午後 10:22] jeandones For Vernon ^
Toxicity and flame are not allowed in Scrim Zone. We've decided to suspend you for a week due to your actions after the game on Sunday, including your next team's next game regardless of its date. You will not be able to participate in signups for this duration. However, we do appreciate you reaching out to those affected and apologizing. If you would like to return to normal participation in the server, you may do so on April 5th.
For PB ^
looks good
Toxicity and flame are not allowed in Scrim Zone. We've decided to suspend you for a week due to your actions after the game on Sunday, including your next team's next game regardless of its date. You will not be able to participate in signups for this duration. However, we do appreciate you reaching out to those affected and apologizing. If you would like to return to normal participation in the server, you may do so on April 5th.  Because this has been a recurring issue, please note that any future occurrences of toxicity or flame will result in a steeper punishment, with a minimum of a 1 month suspension.
^ Daev

@Admins thanks again for meeting today. Was good to have everyone on a call, if not all at the same time. Hopefully we can do this again soon, and for more fun reasons.  {Reactions} 🫡 (6)  [2023/03/29 午後 11:45] nomulus Thank you fearless leader
all hail dean
Bot#8380 look like braum
true
Please keep funnies to silly-admin 🙂
Oh I didn't realize that was a thing
Pog

Dean did you reach out to Cylako yet?

Nah I like
Am trying to figure out how to word it
ah okay
I will tonight
if you need help with that I can
Yeah if you can draft something and dm to me I’d much appreciate  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/03/30 午後 07:59] jeandones I just need a starting point I think
Anything to delay math hw

Hmm

I didn't report this bc I was offended, I'm not personally offended since it doesn't apply to me
I did because it greatly upset people when I mentioned it
Once I saw that I realized how important it is to report this.
but what he said there, from my perspective, is a very censored version of his opinion.
that makes me feel like I didn't hear his full opinion when he talked about it with me in the call
what do you mean
when he talked about it in call with me and some other people he just said that he doesn't understand all the new identities these days and that it confuses him
yeah that 100% wasn't the vibe of that call
It wasn't confusion but kinda just malicious
I know at this point it's just my word (and zach's) against his but i'm not really buying what he's saying rn
it definitely sucks though when it's someone you're friends with that does this
yeah fucking idk
Bot#8380 i swear i don’ll be fair and triumph or something why am i agree
how do i tell him I don't want him on my team next season lol
probably just gonna cross my fingers he wants to play with someone else idk
you can just not extend his contract
or whatever the wording is here
you have to reinvite everyone as a captain basically
ah i see

@Admins someone screenshot and log
Thanks
I’m not at pc
Then Delete
i did sc
gonna delete bnow
done
Im reaching out
doesn't that dm means nothing b/c he said his pc broke?
Something seems to be ip
i was on taxi team
i can provide info
ask me questions
What happened?
clips look like pretty damning evidence but talking about in season discussion was not the best
was in general
but yea
I think for Taxi it's a warning to bring it up to admins and just not talk about it in general probably
Idk about Domonic obviously a stressful situation but the language was not acceptable i think
they were very toxic to him in game
Taxi and Blake?
yeah i believe those were the main 2
don't remember of the other 2 were
Okay well that changes things
What did they do
just a lot of toxic stuff in voice call
calling him bad
Did they do it to him directly or just in vc
just in vc to eachotehr
ik this is not the best time ofc but were games logged?
that's like not great but it's also not against the rules I don't think?
yeah i don't think we can punish them for that
what happened in season discussion
it was general
check admin logs
it was in general i had a slip of the tongue
I’ll get both game logs
Just wait on everything
texi instigating this
Bot#8380 on the very quickly
domonic didn't handle it well but it does seem like he's under distress
Bot#8380 its not a clash guy who bradley
not now scrimblo
idk I think this is unnaceptable from taxi and idk what to do about domonic
holy moly n word
yeah thats not ideal
do we know his race
does it matter? still dropped an n word
i agree w noam
to clarify: I don't think him being black makes it any less bad
true but im looking at it from
his kinda in crisis mode
thats true
to me dropping the n word is not the least acceptable thing he said
what is
talking about suicide in general chat
i kind of disagree with that
same
personal opinion ig

domonics wording is literally the most pg/safest way to get his message across without going into detail
yeah I think explaining it the way he did is completely understandable
the rest not so much
Looking back at the message I agree
I think I misread it in the moment thinking he was saying something pretty different
Yeah that's my take on it
Not ideal
for what's he's going through it's sorta an understandable outburst
Not quite sure how it should be handled though

Only reason I brought this up is to try and determine the context
Bc flaming taxi is one thing
Purposefully bringing racial slurs into it is significantly less understandable in this scenario
Ok maybe this is a hot take
But I think situation very complicated I think we just give 2 warnings and a “this better not happen again” to both of them
I think we obv don’t know what was going on with dom and I think if his friend really was having a crisis I don’t think it’s right to try to punish him for struggling to deal with it
And obv what taxi did wasn’t great but I think being upset at Domonic inting given his track record is understandable, but should have been handled better.
B/c I think it would have been reasonable to expect some sort communication/pause if there’s a pc issue going down
Willing to be overridden on this but I just feel weird applying anything to this situation given the context
Taxi should at least be talked to and given a steep warning though

Talked to both of them rq just to see what was up:  1. I'm pretty sure Domonic completely made it up 2. Taxi said he had no clue how to report anything in the server, and Blake confirmed that he had no clue about Scrim Bot being able to report things.  I think given that Taxi felt there should be some action taken about this and didn't know about the official channel to do so, one message is probably pretty reasonable, especially considering that he didn't follow it up at all, and had very reasonable evidence imo that there was inting.  We DEFINITELY need to do a better job of communicating how to report things is my big takeaway here.
Assuming Dom had some PC issues, which  is probably accurate, I don't think anything needs to be done about the inting, but definitely need to say something about the slur
Unacceptable
what do you mean made it up
this potentially makes it significantly more serious
Idk I asked if he was ok and he was like, yeah just talking shit
idk
I think it is not smart to assume one way or the other but it seems like he may not be going through something as much as he may have presented himself to be

yeahh
idk man domonic seems pretty problematic

Put the whole report concerns to scrimbot thing in the welcome channel

I feel like if I had a close friend going through that stuff I would have vanished not kept typing in scrim server
Then come back and apologize for leaving later
People handle things differently but I don't know if we can definitively say it happened or not
I think best we can do here is extend benefit of the doubt
Doesn't excuse the things he said but
If he did lie it would be a lot worse
I mean yeah
The problem is we can’t have people saying slurs in general chat and going “emotional distress”

Agreed
Agreed

Idk the other thing is that like Dominic explained everything he needed to had an understandable message where he was reasonably pissed and then threw in “bitch ass ni**a” in a separate message at the end
^
To me that doesn’t read as struggling it’s just throwing out insults
And slurs
It feels like a "you have pissed me off, take the reason you should feel bad for that, and here's an insult to let you know I'm pissed. You should feel below me."
If I were that mad I'd throw an insult in after my speech. Especially if it were about something so personal like that.
Wouldn't call someone a slur but I understand the emotion
Is this a justification or an explanation?
Just an explanation
Jonah said to him it reads one way, I'm saying to me it reads another
That's all
Ok I really couldn’t get what you were going for w it lol
That makes sense tho
I don’t know to me if it was just the first parts and he ended it with nice talk. That would be understandable. Rude but like we let that slide with a warning or whatever
But Jonah's right in saying it could have stopped there. It's a lack of self control definitely
But then he throws in the last part
It’s also like someone on his team just got a ban and we put an announcement out 2 days ago saying we weren’t tolerating this language
2 days later he says a slur in general
Sorry to cam and Stanley I’m not trying to screw you guys over here but it’s like come on man
Nah I'm not playing favorites with Dom
He's funny but it's easier to detach myself. Still trying to give him the benefit of the doubt though.
Yeah I just mean some punishments put y’all in an awkward spot
Out of curiosity was he playing tn?
Stan says he was having PC troubles, Dom says his friend was struggling with self harm, sounds like a fucked night and then he gets flamed by Taxi
Yes
Unrelated to any penalties
Oof****
Roster is Adam Cam Stan Russ Dom
Oops! Leaked
It literally autocorrected
My phone hates me
My opinion is the same as it was last night on this
Yo btw dean im gonna sign into scrim twitter on my phone you might get a 2fa
Need to tweet match announcements and april fools stuff
Warnings for both, but very steep warning for dom if this happens again  {Reactions} 👍 (5) 👎  [2023/04/01 午前 11:52] camdotzip No 2fa needed
We should get a consensus on this soon
@Admins ^^^^
I think that's reasonable
I’m leaning towards some kind of punishment because it feel like if we don’t after putting out that announcement even with the context it’s a bad precedent
Also reasonable
It doesn’t have to be a game ban but I think we should at least be revoking his text chat privileges
That works
1 week chat restriction in public channels with the warning?
That can work
If he doesn't like that and decides to not play can I have jonah
Lol
?
If he sees the penalty
And gets mad and does something else
I'm kinda screwed for Tonight
Emergency sub
Lol
I feel like that is not the answer
I mean im fine with it if the other team is but obviously rules are weird
We’ve had the no cross team subbing rule in place for 3 seasons
Yuh
Especially if a team that’s been blowing up chat for the past week does it it’s an extremely bad look
Yeah but if it's 3 of my players gone
I can't field a roster
If you think that’s a risk I think the better option is to just send the message after the game
Yeah we can do that
And as the captain tell him not to send anything in chat before/after/during the game
We could run Alana but
We'd be down quite a few points from max
And idk our chances to make playoffs if we lose this
Playoffs is locked for y’all?
I was gonna say pretty sure y’all are locked
Is it?
Also no shot you get Jonah if you have a sub available
A sub that's like
Quite a few points down
Please don’t say you can’t field a roster if you have a team of 5
Well technically main roster
A competitive roster
Are we locked?
It’s a 99.5% chance you make it
And whats the scenario we dont
Us and mvp would literally have to win every game and you’d have to lose every game
I see
I’d have to double check tho
But it’s basically impossible
I mean high chance we lose to spectres so I don't want to lose this game
Idk who you and MVP are playing though
I don't think it matters
I understand that but I also don’t think wanting to have a competitive advantage should have any bearing on enforcing the rules
We shouldn't be weighing team playoff chances when making decisions about punishments
yah
^^
That’s true
This conversation makes me pretty uncomfortable
Exactly the type of stuff I called the meeting so we could avoid
I'm not?
Give him whatever punishment
I just need a plan if things go south  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/04/01 午後 12:08] jeandones Ok let’s give the warning and chat restriction now, and if he goes awol, you sub Alana.
Sounds good
Wasn't specifically talking about you btw just saying that suspensions shouldn't be dependent on how important upcoming games are in general
I think a backup plan makes sense
Yep
Anyone else wanna write up the warnings or should I
I don't prob bc he's on my team
Man I have so many people on my team commiting offenses :(
I’m going to stay out of it because I knew him before he joined the server
I need to wrangle them  {Reactions} 👍 andromeda  [2023/04/01 午後 12:11] jeandones I’ll write up both
Gonna feed my dogs then go back to pc and write it up
Thanks Dean
Thanks Ziggs

Pinned a message.
Flaming is not allowed in Scrim Zone. While we understand that Dom was either intentionally feeding or experience hardware issues that made it seem that way, there are ways to present this that are less inflammatory. We've decided to give you a warning, please use the official channels to report incidents in the future.
For Taxi ^
Sounds good
Use of racial slurs is not allowed in Scrim Zone. We've decided to give you a 1-week chat restriction in public channels in the server, as well as a warning. Any future use of prohibited language will result in a steeper punishment. We understand that there may have been some personal issues going on at the time, but there are ways to communicate this without using offensive language. If you would like to return to normal participation in the server, you may do so on April 8th.
For Dom ^
@Jonah can u do me a favor and send these out :isforme:
Idk if Jonah should send to domonic
oh
right
Yeah
can u send taxis
I’ll do taxi
Yup
No problem
I can send to Dom if you need
huge tysm
Based noam
sent
Oh shit im actually so dumb, we should def add the, "if you wish to appeal this penalty you may do so" back at the end
Ill edit it into the template we can use in the future
Should I edit it into the message
if you want?
Let me write it out on the template first then copy that
Also should we post an announcement reminding everyone that Scrim Bot is the official channel to communicate with the admins all at once
Yeah
Can someone else
I wanna go back to my dogs and my tv show :smodge:
I changed taxis from use official channels to message scrim bot
cool cool
that works
@Dean
Assist
He just wants to know the rule
He wants to know exactly what rule was broken
I mean I agree with him but I think the way we present this is like a "This is more of a reminder to use scrimbot and not a punishment or anything."
I would say that assuming he was inting without 100% knowing it was intentional puts this in the flame category
is my best explanation
but yall seemed upset over it first so
I’m just going to cite his message
I would clarify with stanley
Say it falls into flame
@Stanley
I was just trying to work off with the sentiment that was expressed before I hopped in admin
If he'd like to get on a call and discuss let him know he can
I think having him talk over with stanley and drag an uninvolved admin in the call could be productive
@ players this is a reminder that the official way to communicate concerns or complaints to the admins is through direct messaging Scrim Bot. In addition, you can DM an admin. does that sound good?
I can be in the call
This and especially doing it in general
I would say reword it so DM an admin seems like a less ideal move?
I would say citie his message and say. Rather then making an accusatory statement which is likely to cause an argument please just report your concerns to the admins with any evidence you have and allow us to conduct an investigation
this is a reminder that the official way to communicate concerns or complaints to the admins is through direct messaging Scrim Bot. If it is a more sensitive matter, you can DM an admin.  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/04/01 午後 12:45] jeandones or something
Do yall have perms to send messages in rules?
makes sense I'll do that
no
Ok
ill type it out then
was gonna do it in announcements
Thoughts?
i think having it be in a call is like
more personal and allows him to explain everything
like less of a chance of it being misinterpreted
Can I get an answer here because taxi is waiting please
I can call him if everyone's okay with that
Paraphrase this @Jonah
Explain
Id give an explanation and offer him the chance to call and discuss if he wants
Ok will do
I’m eating brunch rn but I will offer him a call at some point
The rule it would fall under is the flame rule, as if he was not intentionally feeding, it is insulting to his gameplay. Reporting it first without bringing it up in a public space allows an investigation to be made first.
or something
Sure
I agree with him that its a little bit of a stretch but
i think thats the best answer
Little wordy but whatever
I think it’s good
thats really funny
how the hell
did it do that
does the link work if you fix the ,?
well yeah it's the same link that dean sent

i see
how it
learned a word
confuses me

ive been logging games btw

WE LOVE DEAN
<3
Right thats what I was saying
how do we fix
also where you say
i missed it
Idfk man
i wanna go to bed
im done with this shit
gotcha

Dew was added as a player after I made the backup
so when i restored it it got fucked up

Ahh
Ty

since when is not discussing politics a rule
i feel like it can get out of hand very quickly
Technically it’s not but it definitely should be
I think Mimi has the right call here
can I not be relied upon to shut it down if I see that it's getting out of hand though
If I am awake I and I see things I will always stop them
like I'm just frustrated that as soon as I started discussing something while disagreeing with An it was shut down but the whole time Dean and Mason and An were talking about it nothing was said
Problem is I got to bed at like 10:30 every day cause I get up for work at 6am so half the time I am out cold when people are talking
I feel like this was more of a morality of azir conversation and less a politics thing
But that’s my take
Fair enough
I was just skimming it
that's fair
idk like i'll drop it cuz it's not worth arguing about
i apologize if i came off as showing favoritism noam, its moreso the fact that i know once an starts typing like that shes not gonna stop and its going to create a bigger issue
Idk I feel like this was more of a like politics of league lore using real life things as comparison as opposed to directly talking about real life government
that's totally fair and makes a lot of sense
i do completely trust your judgment and call to keep a conversion civil i wasnt trying to undermine you
okay I appreciate the clarification
Idk it’s just weird
Politics irl vs league politics lol
Where is the line
Not to shit on you Noam I’m just trying to decide what’s reasonable and what isn’t
yeah I understand
i think I should have maybe worded things in general better since it sounded standoffish rather than continuing a conversation which might have been inflammatory
sorry for that part
I also don’t think the current convo is much better!
Well yeah
I was just looking at that
the execution one?
i think mimi steered it in a new direction maybe
am trying to steer it away
doing a good job i think 👍
I need to be asleep lol. Ping me if you need me
gnight
will do
if i can steer alana to lore
we are good
Wooo
Worst comes to worst I just tell her to change topic and we chillin
deleted a weird looking gif from hong
i think we deleted at the same time lol
slay

is she okay
no
actual meltdown in my dms
What happened?
i've received many of those in my time
classic
related to tornado incident or personal stuff?
tornado incident and she didnt feel good abt podcast
plus just like all this other stress on top
ic
alot of league related stress
shit game
fr
facts
Oh shit whappen
he's like
missing the point
but I can't straight up say in a channel with my whole team that he wasn't removed for trash talking, he was removed for not respecting someone's gender identity
i'll dm that to him but worth keeping an eye on

Okay
Long conversation with Cylako but I'll do my best to summarize

Will say probably should have just not done that take tho, I think it’s possible to have done it in a good way but idk

Yeah I get what's he's saying about that podcast but
What he did was blatantly disrespect someone's gender identity on purpose
That much I 100% know
I know I may be biased in this but
It certainly seems he is just trying to play the ignorance card
And again I only reported this because I mentioned it to a team member and they became super uncomfortable
That's the motivation, I'm not out to get him 3 months after it happened
Yeah the problem is that the people who do know are now uncomfortable with it
Oh did I miss something?
No
Just reaffirming what you said
Gotcha
Lmao
scrimzone reading comprehension strikes again

@Cam @Stanley you are the bot guys, right? Could we do a role react system for the @ gamers role?
yeah
The gamers role was just kind of handed out to people when it was created and not since then
ye send it ill see what I can use
big ty king
ye send it ill see what I can use  this was supposed to be to cam

Lol
I can write it later if u dont
I dinkee
And watching horor movie
Omg i have school

Also @Stanley can you please write the signup link posting thing
I can like, paste my pseudocode but its not the hard part
its just

@Noam @Jonah please do your best to keep season stuff to season discussion
tyvm
what did i say
you sent the poll results
isn't that season related?
yeah you sent it in general
oh okay my bad
nbd just we gotta pay more attention  to it as a group  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/04/07 午前 12:11] teslaplasmabolt how does game differential work

like if rift sharks and mvp both end 4-6
# of games won - # of games lost
who goes to playoffs
they're 1-1
not against each other
that's head-to-head
their total # of games, not series
ohh
so like 2-0 is better than 2-1
anywhere I can see that
Foldy sheet
Also we win the tiebreaker vs mvp if it happens
i see
so you just have to hope
if they lose 2 series their game diff has to drop by 2 minimum
metabusters win
yeah
ours is -2
godspeed
theirs is -1 atm
yeah
praying

Scrim server go more than 3 days without drama impossible challenge
what hapopen
Hong and Logan disagreed on draft and now they dont want to play together anymore
Tbf both of them handled it very maturely
I will not flame
That's good
Also its literally a for fun server like if theyre not having fun together idk if thats really something you can fault them for

Bro what
How did this happen
Why did teddy dm scrimbot meta busters
maybe to switch to their team?
I thought that but Noam said it with a question mark so I was like what
Oh teddy sent like 8 messages
I think Noam was joking w that
So what happened with teddy and Caesarius
It just seems like a competitive disagreement
Nothing we need to act on
Just letting them figure it out
I figured it wasn’t I was just trying to figure out what happened
TLDR caesarius wanted to leave to a new team, teddy felt it was his fault, so he’s leaving the team, in hopes caesarius won’t quit
Woah
What
Crazy
Did caesarius say why he wanted to leave
Bot#8380 haven't do something

All i know is that it was a communication thing between the two players
I dont really wanna pry that much
if you wanna ask them yo ucan

Fair enough

Any news re: teddy/spectres/meta busters?
Well teddy is no longer on the specters so technically he should be able to be picked up
yeah we theoretically picked him up I just don't want to give him the role if there's something idk about regarding that
Yeah what are the exact rules on player trades/pickups
if he's off the team i'd just say have him message scrimbot idk
He did
Ask an
okay
She’s trying to do damage control I think
I mean it would be a legal move, I just don’t know if it’s 100% happening
The big rule is you can’t go back to a team once you leave
So not officially moving teddy until it’s confirmed by An would be not ideal
This is just to prevent “loaning”
If there’s two separate trades it’s probably fine
You also can’t just kick players off your team without a valid reason
Everything else is pretty much legal
Until playoffs obv
Bot#8380 and his prestige for a new w is op
True
Teddy is staying on Spectres
You asked an
yes
And Teddy
Got it
thanks Dean btw
(not sarcastic btw good idea with the gc)
👍🏻
Dealt with enough drama to understand how this shit works
indeed
Ty mason for the inspo
@Jar
Thoughts?
I think order of appearance is the most straightforward, but I know he wants to run his sub vs MVP and theyve been stalling him for like 3/4 weeks at this point
I would say it should be based on what game was supposed to played during the week  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/04/11 午前 12:27] jeandones Thats a good answer
I'm good with that
Regardless of which one is going to be played on the day
Whichever one was scheduled during the week of the ban should be the game off
Cool, passed that on
thats a really good way to view it
I think it makes the most sense

Also @Admins Put your votes for Most Improved Player in this thread:

@Admins Working on the captain surveys now, do these categories seem good - (For captains abt other captains AND for players about their captain) Communication - overall quality of your communication with this captain and the clarity of their messages Accessibility - how easy it is to reach this captain, and how long the average wait time is when you are trying to reach them Flexibility - how willing to compromise on scheduling/rosters this captain was Passion - how committed the captain seemed to the league, including activity in the server, promoting activities in the offseason, investing in their players (ONLY for players about their captain)  Inclusivity - How welcoming your captain felt, were you included in discussions about the team Engagement - Were you included in practices, games, or other opportunities to be involved with the team Team Role - Did you role in the team feel like what you thought it was going to be, and if you wanted to participate in a different capacity, did the captain make this work Openness - Did the captain listen to the input of their players on strategic or other suggestions for the team, or at least acknowledge them
It looks good to me  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/04/13 午前 11:04] jeandones Cool I'll start making the form
I think that looks great
tyty
Yeah I like it
Was thinking of adding
Are you interested in participating next season yes/no  Did your captain affect this decision? yes/no
I would just make sure to add a place for them to add any other notes as well
That’s a good one too
Get a rough idea of how many players we have next season
For captains I wont add notes bc ill talk to everyone individually anyway
yeah exactly
You could also just make a different survey for how they felt about the season overall and whether or not they would be interested in another season
That way if their captain isn’t the reason they’re quitting they can tell us what the reason is
And it helps us figure out what we can improve
Probably will do that anyway
My worry is survey overload, bc theres this and mvp voting anyway
Might wait a month after the season to let people collect their thoughts
Yeah that’s what I was thinking
Let playoffs end too
To be fair it took me like 3 minutes to fill out the captain survey
Yeah but people get mad
I dont understand it but
it alwasy happens
Fair enough
I think to avoid people getting annoyed you just make the survey optional and be like hey this only helps you because it gives us an idea of what you all want
Ill update this somewhat regularly but  Captain responses: 3/6 Player responses: 5/(42?)
We would get less people to fill it out but it saves people being annoyed
:teemothumbs:
Bot#8380 true id take
Not sure if this needs to be actioned or not 💀
IMO just tell them to forfeit the season
I was under the impression that finding an emergency sub meant theyd actually play the games
If the whole team is just deciding to int theres no point in having them in the league anymore
@Stanley I assume you don't want to play against a team that's just running it down or not trying?
I think the conversation in and of itself is not actionable but
They do plan on continuing to playoffs
At least for now
if they actually go through with it and just throw thats fucked
Yeah I don't know
What to do
My stance would be tell them to try to win the games or forfeit the season
I don't think there's an acceptable in-between
IMO
You can’t really enforce just telling them not to int
What if I get a "we're just playing new champs for fun" response?
And technically they are playoff locked
It’s just really shitty
So just public court of opinion it?
Let people be pissed at them and see how that resolves?
Also if we give out penalties for dom running it on singed we can for sure penalize inting
so
Bot#8380 whats legit like
I think player by player we enforce the inting rule as appropriate
If enough of them get suspended they wont be able to play playoffs regardless so there's not really a point
to doing that
I’m talking about soft inting
I'm with you
if they soft troll and its not blatant yeah we cant do anything
I would argue ffing a game youre not losing at 15 is hard inting tho
Oh well yeah
But like if they just pick new champs or misposition a couple times there’s nothing we can do
agreed
Can we all agree this is the most cringe series of events in scrims we've ever had to deal with :)
tbh i don't really care but
Thats fair actually
i guess free win for yall
I don’t understand the point of not trying
and u get to play cool picks
Just because you have to use a sub
we get to work on team synergy and stuff
they literally just hate psycho carrot
thats all it is
so fucked up
I think it's also that
They had other sub options
They all have other shit going on
And don't want to spend a lot of time on the series
That’s what they say but if they had main roster I bet they try hard
It’s just weird
yep
a very want to win team I think
no clue if they enjoy playing with each other
It’s not that anything they’re doing is punishable and like an offense (unless they all hard int) it’s just really lame and not very in the spirit of the server. Like I get it’s fun to win and you want to. But like it’s not like there’s a prize your missing out on
We’re not talking about your career
Just try to win and have fun
its bc they build a team around trying to win over all
then when you can't win anymore
or think you can't
you no longer want to play with those people
Funny that that is not at all the teams stated goal tho lol
almost the opposite
what was it again
Players who dont tilt and like to improve
i see
idk but they do like being competitive
and when they think they can't they check out
It’s just a weird situation
Ill update this somewhat regularly but  Captain responses: 5/6 Player responses: 9/(42?)

I can confirm from 1 source that it is an unfun team environment
Sadge
Might already be represented in responses I'm not sure
Unfortunate
Bot#8380 i dont get eden can cahnge your team is useless as well
This is tragic

Ill update this somewhat regularly but  Captain responses: DONE! Player responses: 10/(42?)

most cringe so far
you're not ready for my villain arc next season
watch out
i'm so ready

What happened in vc?
What Jonah DMd scrimbot about
oh i did not read the entire message mb
Valor couldn't play so they got Steve but he didn't show up
i see i see
I told them that NYNB could make them forfeit or decide to wait
NYNB let them wait and the series is happening
👍

@Admins thoughts on the situ last night? Obv decision was on nynb, but I think probably send a warning Steve’s direction?
Ask MVP if they care first
Warning for Steve sounds good yeah
If nobody cares idk if anything needs to be done personally
I don’t even think it has to be a formal warning
^
Just shoot him a message that’s like hey I know you fell asleep. It happens. But try to be on time if you made the commitment to play. It leaves 9+ other people waiting on you
Can u send him that
Yuh
Tyty
I think it just needs to be addressed to some degree
Want to avoid chimi 2.0 lmao
Yup

Voting seems to have stopped for the awards - best teammate is a little interesting, 2 players are .25 votes apart at 4.5 and 4.25 votes, and everyone else is 2.5 or under
I think it would be cool to give it to both of them? But want to hear yall's thoughts
Heres the graph - they really seem like the 2 standout options, haven't seen anything like this in the past
I think giving it to both would be cool
both is slay
:teemothumbs:

I’d just call it a tie
Captain report cards
I'd like to meet with each of the captains and either @Jonah @Jacob or both at some point. I'm going to message them rn and ask what time would be best for them and figure out when works.  Yellow areas - areas to be mindful of, the score is not necessarily bad, but we don't want it to get worse Red areas - areas to be improved, most if not all of these categories should go up in score for next season Deep/Deeper Red areas - areas that need to improve, if a category stays in this range for consecutive seasons, this captain should no longer have that role
Also congrats @Noam unironically best captain  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/04/21 午後 02:37] jeandones ❤️
MY CAPTAIN :metabusters:

May be worth postponing until after finals for everyone
Unironically
thats pushing it back like a month
or 3 weeks
Is there anyone who has finals beyond next week?
That you are aware of
rit finals are the first week of may
id imagine other schools also
Well then we could set a deadline for the weekend of the 12th
Ik it pushes back but Stan, Russ, Zach, and I all are in our finals periods
So there's like, no time we can sit down and play a bo3 in good faith
At the same time*
this is 100% something better discussed in captain chat
I figured it was about moving deadlines so I put it here
i mean yes but captains should have a say in this more than admins
imo
But I asked Zach about Sunday, I think he's trying to see if he can make it work
a complaint we have received literally every season except for last is that a delay in between regular season and playoffs is super annoying because it kills momentum for a lot of teams
so i think at minumum this is something that should be opened up to all the participating captains and not talked behind closed doors in this chat
Sounds good
I'll lyk if I hear back from Zach
If we can't make something work then we can talk ab it further unless other teams have complaints
Bc I'd rather not make an accommodation if only 1 team needs it, and then they end up not needing it
yeah i think case-by-case letting one team push a game back a week or play it mid-week the week after is super fine
👍
i also will say i received paragraphs from member(s) of your team last time i pushed back a game for college finals so
situation is very situationally ironic
but this would have been my answer regardless who asked
Bruh what
Zach got back to me by the way, he said he's going to be in NY from tomorrow to Wednesday, and that's why tonight was his only good night
Do you want me to talk with Androm about what days *do* work? That way we can have a scope before we message anyone else?
yes thats what i thought was being done already
mvp said they could do tonight?
if you guys can
Bot#8380 the blue
Stan no longer can, we're seeing if Vernon is available
You could just say "yes, perfect!"
🆗
thats how i responded it to it happened also

@Cam I think I figured out the points thing
Wait nevermind I’m actually dumb as shit that would be the same as removing seasons entirely
Apologies
Actually
Yeah
Make the base rating system zero-sum by having game performance be a temporary factor but have winrate be the only factor that has a lasting affect
So instead of updating the rating to be equal to the end of season rating
Update it to be equal to the end of season rating without kda factored in
The issue with that would be we’d have to do placements in a different way, but it would stop consistently good/bad players from uncontrollably trending to the extremes
What's my live rating?
It should be like -5 or something
I have no clue
But we’d keep the season format cap for affecting point sway due to team performance Im sure
I don’t see a reason to get rid of that it was objectively a good change
I’ll also add it in code so it’s done better than me just estimating
I think the fix for placements would be if you don’t hit the “current season” threshold then you take your points from the end of last season

I’ll think on it
If anyone has any feedback

@Admins Just shared a doc with all of you that has all of the projects we're currently working on in the server, lets try to keep it updated as we progress on stuff. If there's anything I missed please let me know
🫡
As we update the doc, also make sure to still send updates here to help everyone keep track of things
The big ones on the doc are the scrims meetup(s) for this year - I have the admins working on those listed as (needed) for right now. I can handle them if necessary but any help would be greatly appreciated, especially since we were discussing doing more than one.

added msi 50/50s to the doc
updated  sticker progress
updated jersey progress
Again, if any @Admins would like to step up and help work on any of the unclaimed projects id really appreciate it - doing my best to coordinate merch but its taking up a lot of my time
I think there are also some started and unfinished projects on there so if everyone could look through and see  what they can work on that would be amazing

@Admins can I get some help promoting the MSI 50/50s? Only at about 10 responses, have gotten around 20 the past couple years
I said something in #esports
thoughts?

4 ppl
call that a win
ty jacob
BIG
If we can keep pushing it to ppl up until msi that would be hype tho - important to keep server engagement up
I'll bring it up whenever I'm in a call
guerilla marketing  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/05/01 午後 07:25] jeandones @Noam agreed it’s not clear, added “unless your team can sub” to the message

Let’s make sure to keep responses to admin logs in here to avoid cluttering
👍
I think it’s a bit ridiculous at this point w andromeda though, get that there’s a lot going on, but it’s been pushed back 3 times with really short notice, and I cleared my schedule for tonight so that I could cast the game
Leniency for finals/complicated scheduling def makes sense, but we’ve pushed back a lot with little communication, definitely something that should be worked on for next season

agreed
Bot#8380 aftershock ap
yeah true
@Dean zach is asking if u received his message
Yep
ard
Just got out of the shower
Lol
does that put us in losers
or are we knocked out of finals
Re: Announcements
Y’all are still in it
Shit happens
heard
i would be lying if i said i wasnt annoyed
but schoolwork is probably the most valid reason
Tornado > schoolwork tbh
lol
Close second tho
stuck in tornadolow
Actually
No internet > physical injury > school
But all are valid
Really helpful! Thanks for telling us about this so early
Lol
Just disable it
I can do it if you need me to

Nah I like it I just don’t know why they waited this long to send the alert

I love soundboard!
:soyjack:
sorry i had to
???
i read it in the famous an soy voice
Lmao
(i know exactly what he means by this)
Just trying to figure out if this happened over text or in vc
i have no clue what he means by this
Would assume that after/during the game where vernon and him played both sides of the riven/fiora matchup there was some discussion of averys laning skill
mmmmm

what's the issue?
pretty sure it's as shrimple as he got beat by vernon and wants to be taught how to play better
probably mixed with teams knowing that he coached me and adam
Even if it is toxic Avery didn’t report anything to us so unless Avery comes to us about anything we can’t just assume that Vernon was toxic

I wasn’t saying it’s an issue
Was just wondering context
Thoughts on the Blake messages in #admin-logs team?
Bot#8380 wait did
@Jonah @Olaf (Erik O.) @Noam
idk if it's actionable
deleting it and moving on seems fine unless he keeps bringing it up
Would at least give him a warning though
Says stuff like this a lot
Also it quite literally got him banned in game so
fair enough

Sorry still in finals mode don't really have the bandwidth but I'd be willing to have a conversation with him at a later point

@Admins going to try to end the season at the end of the month - please lmk what dates are good to meet for a 1 on 1 or a full admin meeting
Im good basically any time over the next 2 weeks

Have a few things I wanna talk through with everybody before the summer - I'll type a list out soon

I'm good for any time
I should be fine whenever
same for the most part

I'm free night time and weekends usually

Prefer this week to next week
sorry
next week to the week after
is what i meant lmao

@Stanley can we try to prioritize getting automated signup links ASAP - as soon as I posted those there was interest and would like to not have to do it manually
Hard to remember + tedious

got it

thank u

shit change

fr

Terrible

@Admins Tuesday at 9pm meeting time  Topics -  Events Rating changes? Follow up on captain feedback Summer plans for offseason Ideas to increase engagement Projects Doc

may not be able to be there just cuz im moving the rest of my stuff home tmrw + have 2 finals to do
Good luck
^ What times do work then
i could defo do weds night
just not today or tmrw
Okay @Admins wednesday @ 10pm then
slay
ty dean

aight

@Jacob @Jonah when would be a good time for either of you for my captain meeting thing
I think dean said by tonight is preferable but I am asking late so no worries if we go later in the week

sorry for the late response
i've got 2 finals tomorrow so i've been in the studying dungeon
would it work for you to do it before the admin meeting?

ye

im a maybe before 10 on wednesday but u can prob do w/o me at this point

i can do it w/o you if you can't make it
@Stanley let's plan on 9pm tomorrow

ok sounds good ty

I should be free

@Jonah @Jacob either of you available for the captain meeting
shit mb I totally forgot
I just got back from my brother's graduation celebration and I'm working on a final paper due at midnight tn
ah if you can't no worries
I'll reschedule and make sure I can actually do it next time
sorry
all good
admin meeting at 10 right  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/05/24 午後 10:02] jeandones yeah

@Jacob @Jonah @Olaf (Erik O.) @Cam @Stanley
@Cam
1 sec
FAKE HOES !!
Pinned a message.
I can contact them but here's the place
slay
cam
now that im free
silly scrims.
:o
so true!
i need smirnoff rwb to come out.
then we can get hella silly
sheesh
i got
2 bottles of soju to drinky
Bot#8380 see if your stuff or have to 100% ad twitch here
real
Started a thread.
join that

@Stanley I'm free like all of today to meet for the captain meeting

Oh cool
Any time before like 4 works for me
How about noon?

Sure

I can actually do that!
Sticker paper issue, so I tried it on normal paper and they cut really well
Should have the first set done soon
those look so sick
Bot#8380 sorta *
NO SCRIMBLO
damn

You should not cut the NYNB sticker like that
Same with androm
The paper is REALLY durable so it shouldn’t tear
I got the best quality sticker paper I could
NYNB I fixed, it def had issues
@Cam
You should not have a sticker with such flimsy parts
Bad ux
Instead, just have the sticker with a white stroke around it, and cut following the stroke
That way it's one cohesive plane instead of a bunch of small, connected shapes
Better to put on and tear from the backing
@Dean
If the paper is REALLY durable it might be fine but in my experience putting a sticker with hangings onto anything sucks. Either the hangings get caught somewhere and none of it sticks properly or you try to put the hangings on first and the rest is a pain
Ok yeah I'm with u
Andromeda i think is fine as is, but ill change it when I change nynb
All the failures I’m just gonna slap on the mail
The colors look saturated. Is it fine in person?
I think its a mix of the gloss and bc its high res printing
They look good, I don't think the saturation is a negative
The cutter is having issues with cutting glossy, so after the first couple batches im switching to matte, and it will be less of an issue
Okay
some of the less saturated ones are also just really hard to make out what they are so
i think clarity > color accuracy to an extent
Updated the project tracker on my stuff
@Cam I updated the lan thing for you  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/05/26 午後 02:53] jeandones @Stanley can you look through and update the bot stuff?
Bot#8380 but that’s the day
i'll take a look when i get back from gym
i really just assigned venue to you and moved it to in progress
enjoy the gym
oh quick question because i can't remember
is this just an optional get-together at some point during the summer
yes
or is there an event it is tied to
separate
heard
probably just going to run something which whoever is coming
if they ask how many people its gonna be 10-20 im sure, but say 20 as the hard cap
bracket format would be the dream
i gotta figure out my job and moving and stuff, so i'll send emails to some gaming cafes and see if they can take large parties with some heads up
i will make 20 the hard cap
Awesome yeah
sounds great
tysm
so first-come-first-serve on signup yes?
yep
heard
admins/captains get prio signups
i think would make sense
then open to everyone
(partially bc we can pull the "spots filling fast")
but we can figure that out once we have a venue/time

Ran the algorithm - Mostly just expected changes within mostly 2, sometimes 3 points (yaveed, cece, gabby, fabian, ezra, Sam S.). Big changes were Garrett H. (played 2 games total with a 13 kda, dropped 8 points) and Sam (dropped about 6-7 points).  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/05/30 午後 11:06] jeandones Going to just keep those changes, everything seemed pretty reasonable, and points make sense going into next season from what I've seen.  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/05/31 午後 05:50] redloheb_ me and jacob just went thorught the captain feedback

Huge

Any immediate observations?
Let’s aim for a meeting on the 11th-14th or so if possible  {Reactions} 👍 (3)  [2023/05/31 午後 07:13] .jaspr We compiled a list of bullet topics

noice
Oh
academic finals

ahhh okay

@Admins whoever is running tonight pls make sure draft links get posted by the captain(s) and please log the games after
And if no one’s playing can someone please hop on at 8 to get it started
Someone give me a reaction to one of these so I know it’s covered  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/06/01 午後 07:45] jeandones Thanks
Not home

@Noam delete the message or nah
Teddy got away with his but it’s also inviting people to join a league tournament not plugging a stream contest
Make an advertisement channel
Alternatively
We just don’t
Ok
Just an option
Idk if that’s the kinda thing we need to promote
Yeah sorry could have phrased that better
I didn’t see what was promoted
Literally just read your message to Noam
Oh lol
Tldr someone who hasnt participated in the server in 2 years tried to ping here and get people to watch his stream
and said he wasn't trying to self promote
Oh yeah that’s kind of silly
thats literally self promotion lmao
well
yeah
noam called him out on that immediately
Yeah lol
Idk
Seems kinda wacky
do we delete it or just let him look like a fool
Uhh
I’d just delete
I think we can leave it up and point and laugh
But I'm in a mean mood
im down to vote
yeah as goofy as it is maybe we should delete?
gives wrong impression to everyone else
fair
Delete  {Reactions} 👍 (3)  [2023/06/05 午後 01:19] jeandones No  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/06/05 午後 01:21] jeandones Lets probably write smth up about it next time we make any rule changes
"promotion limited to other leagues" or "no promotion" ?
no promotion without prior approval mayhabs?
I’d say only relatable content  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/06/05 午後 01:22] jeandones bc id be down to promote stuff like the upenn league but its probably better to have them ask us about it and then we promote it
yeah
i like mims idea
That’s good to

Yeah

@Admins does anyone know if there’s a way to check when someone left a server?
Like the specific time?
Or like what day
Wolfe is gone and idk when/why that happened, went to ping him
"Head over to your server dashboard, then choose “Welcome” under the “Server Management” section. Go to the bottom of the screen and find “Send a message when a user leaves a server.” Ensure that the option is enabled. If it is, the tab next to it will be green"
doesnt solve the current issue
but for the future
Cool
Ty
could we put a screenshot in a log channer next time
channel
Screenshot of what
not a big deal for this but it would make getting caught up to speed easier
self propmo message
or whatever happened
Oh yeah
It was literally just
“Not to promote   Wife and I are streaming, 3 followers away from money giveaway + more details”
Dropped stream link
ah gotcha
It was long too
who was it?
Will do that in the future
Glad
*vlad
Like 2 full paragraphs
i see
im not seeing any of these words in the server settings
old article or am i dumb as rocks
oh its for a bot not integrated into discord
Also you used to be able to check audit logs but they removed that feature within the past month or two because uh fuck me i guess?
discord don't change things that work fine challenge
:)
Ill ask valor
theres bots we could have for ppl leaving
I think after last time easier to avoid bots
tradeoffs of limiting control and giving too much control just a pain in the ass so if we can avoid seems easier all around
i wonder if scrimbot could keep trach
track
Generally fine with people leaving without saying anything just specifically hoping wolfe didn't leave because of something in the series where they made him play mid
this could be a good idea

Will also say for people who hadn't heard this already - some of the players on MVP felt like they weren't super welcome/included in the server this last season, so even though I don't think we did anything to cause this any extra effort to reach out to them would be helpful
Same goes for anyone else who you feel isn't mentioned as often

It can

i can code it to like
keep a log of everyone in the server
and update every 30 min or so
or if there's a join/leave event i can just use that
Seems like the right approach yeah

There should be

@Cam Have you heard anything back from any of the places?

Non I'll bother again
Wait lemme check my other email
Currently going thru the process of halting use of my school email
Gotcha
If none of them seem like they’ll do what we want I think we can look into getting a bnb and just seeing who can bring pcs
Mf LAN party !!!!!!
Yeah
Also dope idea bc if they have a kitchen we can chef it up again
Oh and no dice, don't see any emails
I'll bother again
Yeah let’s try one more time
That’s sucky though
Would have thought they’d be more responsive to it
What did you say?

If the space could be rented for a 20 person party, maybe I should specify if we could reserve 20 seats, or ask if they have a reservations area
No I think that’s reasonable
My only tip would make it seem like you’re very likely to rent from them if they offer it, usually gets sales people foaming at the mouth
But I feel like that’s probably what you did here

Ican lean into it more  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/06/11 午後 12:04] nomulus Did something happen that An is talking about monk mental

That’s what I was wondering
I mean they went 0-2 in bracket
But idk anything past that
I asked hong and Joel
it's jackson
well it's an
but an is upset at jackson
If kick has vods there’s logs
my understanding is that jackson was like raging about pyke
like "fuck pyke players" or whatever
Iya was playing pyke and we kinda bullied Jackson a little
my undestanding is bascially that an didn't lke how jackson insulted people in the server
i have a loooot of messages from an about this but that basically sums it up
I see
I am of the opinion that just saying “fucking pyke players” is not that big of a deal
Unless Jackson said anything else
You think it requires admin attention or we just let it resolve itself?
I mean I feel like an pretty much said what needed to be said
I'm tending towards agreeing with Jonah, i know an and Jackson have a history of not getting along
And we just leave it at that
Yuh
it's just like very clearly a subtweet which is cringe lol
^
If it devolves into drama and bullshit then we can stop it
But I think at a base level it’s not that important
9 times out of 10 is not going to hit the target audience
Bot#8380 r trash
Real.
Real.
I said that she should just message people she has a problem with individually when she is on a team with them
and i think she is planning on doing that
but she felt her message was necessary i guess...
also want to add to this that "saying it in general" is very different than just complaining about being camped seems like the whole thing is a bit of a nonissue
Seems to be more of a "don't get tilted" than a "be more respectful"

I'm with this

do we have a channel for people looking to get signed
like a self advert for players

we used lf group in the past i think

ok

it might be a good idea to make a channel specifically for people looking for teams
would help me get in contact with players

you can if you want to

good idea

"@Players   Being in-between seasons means changing rosters and finding new players / teams, so this channel is directly for teams **and** players to advertise what they're looking for! Just state what role you play and that you're looking for a spot, or what kind of player you'd like on your team and all conversation can happen behind the scenes."  Intro message for the new channel, thoughts?  {Reactions} 👍 (6)  [2023/06/15 午後 02:56] ktnpwincess i like it boss
very nice

@Stanley lmk when is a good time to do the code stuff i can help u w it

Yeah I mean I can do it 2 ways
Either count the players signed up on the website by reading the html
Or some sort of website integration

We should just Hook up the mysql database
It should also allow people to sign up through the bot if we do it that way

Yeah
Integrate it

ill log games
xx

Someone give me a warning I missed 2 things I was signed up for
We wouldn't accept it from players we shouldn't accept it from me or other admins

uhh how do I log bans
i assume the order doesn't matter?
i'm inputting it in that way, if it matters ill fix the data
It doesnt matter now bc im not using it atm but it might be useful to have later
so dont sweat it but in the future try to keep it accurate
i put them in order from top to bottom
also games logged

perfect
tysm

games logged
@Dean is Jacob at 0 points now
Try swapping him in for no player and see if it changes anything
Go private browser
i'm in private
the bar didn't move
Yes LMAO
how did my points go down by 2 in 2 games??

I assume people would most likely be fine paying 45 instead of 33 if it meant we’d get to play on a stage for the irl scrims?
Just asking what y’all think the public opinion would be
oh that would be cool
Like there'd be a crowd?
No? But we’d be playing on a raised platform and whoever isn’t playing would presumably would be able to see the game streamed
So I guess we’d be the crowd
Yes I’m paying people to show up and cheer
lmao
idk man maybe you rent out a mini stadium and they advertise amateur league scrimmages
lol
how am i supposed to know 😭

can confirm
being CC'd on all the emails is so interesting tbh

Games logged

> claims to be admin > knows none of the rules
:)
i will say
this belongs in silly admin
mr
I realized this yeah

my laptop is crapping itself
one of the games entered is 00000000
is it a big deal to delete an entire game or should i wait for someone to edit that instead of putting it in again
@Stanley @Dean
Deleting a whole game would be annoying yeah
idk what happened
but teams and stats are wrong
Did you refresh the page?
It resubmits the form
when entering?
i hit log games and realized i didn't put the password in
so i put it in and hit log and that happened
Oh
Yeah when you log the games it resets all the entered info
fuck
my bad
how hard would it be to teach me how to change things
You had the password entered but nothing else
i don't want you guys to have to fix that
Uh it’s pretty easy
Ask Stan for the login and url
ok
Only thing is bans are in a weird order
wdym?
1-5 is blue bans and 6-10 is red bans
Not sequential
okay got it
my laptop literally can't load the website rn
i'm getting conniptions
Xd
Just needs to be fixed before the next scrim, I can’t do it b/c travelling so hopefully we can get ahold of Stanley before then
You can enter the 2nd game if you want
Or if this was the 2nd game, nvm
info provided

okay i see where to put in the bans and change who won
Playergames
Is the answer to your question
ty
all hail omniscient dean
Bro my flight is delayed like 2 hours
Our airbnb host got evicted
This trip is hell so far
damn
that's rough, where'd you go?
I’m bored out of my fucking mind
I'm assuming I enter the champs as they appear in game entry once you click on them
Match what it says on the stats page
ok
And if it doesn’t work that’s easier to fix for later and doesn’t affect ratings so it can wait to change

Should be updated
That was honestly not bad
Is that black text at the bottom because of me
No
That’s me :)
Nevermind I think I confused it when I accidentally left the last game as a win for blue
Was working on something and gave up halfway through
ah ok
well the stats page is working for me correctly now
🙂
Wait how
Normally changes don’t update until a new game is logged
no as in
Or did you fix game 1, then add 2
the stats page wasn't loading at all
OH!
fun
Indeed
I’ll see if I can fix the website at the hotel either tn or tmrw morning

They’re in welcome
ahhhh
Rq can you go into the players db and change his name from “ash or wolfe” to just Ash
I fucked up
If not I can do it
I can do it if you need
i got it
believe it's done
It’s not gonna show up correctly in the dropdown for a bit but we goood
Yep
Thanks!

@Dean or @Stanley who has access to the google form for the onboarding?

Not a google form
It’s a webpage
I have it

@Stanley can you change Drew’s name in the new players db to “DRDD”
Someone should ping ppl for tmrw btw
Also when I get home I’ll set it up to email me when someone signs up
I'm in bed about to zzzzzz Is it ok if I do it tomorrow morning
Yeah ofc
Ok sounds good remind me if it's not done by like 11
I will not be checking :) quite busy
I guess just ping me if you do it and I’ll check for the ping
No not in players
Maybe it’s addplayers?
Thought it was newplayers though
Maybe joinplayers?
Whatever the other players db is
newPlayers
Blessed memory
Lmk when it’s changed
Awesome Ty
next semester im taking course in databases
i will go huge with scrim db
Awesome
Databases are fun
we are getting a lot of new people
I think our numbers for team format are still lower than last season though
how many people retired
or will we not know until season starts  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/06/24 午後 02:07] jeandones Gut feeling
Also a few of the people we had were like fake players tbf, last minute adds that didn’t participate
probably  andromeda- less rift shark - ??? nynb - similar mvp - ???????????? idk what happening to this team spectres - less metabusters - similar?
for players signed
Dew + doki are gone, Domonic, manny, Sam I assume aren’t playing, Wolfe left the server, Rex and suki aren’t playing, haven’t heard much from Thomas.
So assume we’re down 9 players, and we were still under the threshold for 7 teams last season
Also we can’t assume all the players joining are actually interested in participating
yeah
plus we have some possible retirees
like zach/adam
i think adam might play though
if we hit the threshold I assume the next season gets a new team?
If all of the people I didn’t list are playing, we’d need 11 more people
Yeah I’d prefer to do either 6/8 though
7 is scuffed b/c odd number
We can discuss in Jacob and Jonah’s meeting
Which we should schedule soon
gotcha
@Jacob @Jonah can you figure out a good time for both of you next week? :isforme:
retired gang
I’ll be in California from Wednesday to Sunday
jonahs a california girl (ft. snoop dogg) ?
I have family that lives there
Everyone else in my family is there rn but I have work so I leave on Wednesday
no snoop :(
have fun!!
Let’s do Tuesday or next Monday then maybe?
If that works
Can’t do Monday Tuesday night I could do I’ll probably be up all night cause I have to be at the airport at like 4:30
Ok then we go first week of July then
I mean if everyone is free on Tuesday it works for me
Oh I’m illiterate
i should be free any night
after like 8:30

@Dean i took a class on databases if you need someone else to do stuff w it
Bot#8380 lmao
Okay my bad
Laughable suggestion
But yeah ask stan for login info so you can help
@Stanley dm me

OK
Any time after 6 generally works for me on weekdays

Do I add new players to players tab manually?
Or should I leave that to you @Dean

I can run draft
Wait im the only admin
I got it

@Dean 8 games to start 4 to sub?
yeah

@Cam

huge

There’s a webpage that does it
Do not do it manually
Will break a lot of things

Okay

I have attempted to remove Russ from Monday 3 times but he keeps coming back, am I doing something wrong?
Do you mean removing him by hovering his name and clicking it?
Yes...
b/c that's just to "remove" people temporarily or the sake of team gen
Holy moley..
How do I actually remove then?
Cam are you okay?
I think that's a database thing
Bot#8380 i fixed it a way to sam also a very bard e changes are worse then sub as seen  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/06/25 午前 11:22] camdotzip Ah I can do that
Working on it.
Purr
Cam are you coming to MD?
yooo cam in md
Uhhh I'm currently under review for a job opportunity in Laurel
yoo I work in Laurel for the summer!!
Really hope I get it but I've done about all I can until they decide if I get an interview
you got this king 👑 👑
Ty ty
Where you working?
nice
good luck
gov work
Ah heard
Yeah there's a lot of places like that in the area
I applied to the JHU APL
jacob cant be put on anything involved w ireland becuz of me LMAO
REALLY?
nah I learned apparently it was noam's fault
?!?
despite the fact that he's a citizen and you're not
LOL
Mimo isn't a citizen.....
yooo nice, I know a few people that work there
no im an irish citizen and a permanent legal resident of the us
im in the works of getting my citizenship 😋😋☝️
sorry for doxxing you mim LOL
ur fine LMAO
I have a good reference for the job but the process is just taking forever 😭 my app has been under review for 3 weeks now
it really really do be like that
cam moves to md im manifesting it
I had to get clearence and applied in October and got the offer in MAY
But the last app I sent in got denied after like 2 weeks so I'm at least farther than last time
that would be swag
Oh wtf.
cam in md
we take cam to umi sushi
Bot#8380 fuck you legit 5 v bucks for what about to mine
scrim zone tradition
Omg umi sushi
alana moves to md in august
All roads lead to md
My gf has a really big interview in NC so we're kinda seeing which of us gets the job first
my wife…
once we get a critical mass of people all scrims events happen in MD LOL
yeah lmao
we move into our apartment on august 19
I literally learned i got it a week and a half before it started 🙃
we take alana to umi sushi
This is not boding well for me.
On a lil bit of a time limit.
yall need to come up farther north to some resteraunts by me
theres alot of good ones
are you getting a clearance?
but jonah…. umi sushi tradition…
i kid
bet theres banger places up w u
well yeah of course we hit up umi first
im right by towson so theres alot of stuff there
They haven't yet asked me to but it was put in the job description that I'd need to be able to get one
also white marsh
toswon has a ton of good food
Which I am, I just haven't
cam i wish you the best of luck. i hope you get the job. manifesting good results
you get a conditional job offer first then which doesn't take anywhere close to as long
manifesting
We all manifesting 💅
Thank god bc I have like 2 weeks until I have to turn them down potentially
Not 100% but it becomes a lot stickier if they wait
if we get cam to md then scrim zone halloween function
I emailed and they said it can take anywhere from 3 weeks to 3 months 😭
Scrim zone halloween function
were having a halloween function
oh
wait
i can read
i promise
yeah they really like to be non-specific...
you're goated so you should hear soon
^^
^^
it will probs be very unofficial
yeah
makes sense
its not a true event without dean :(
everytime yall make dinner plans i have to find out from dean lmao
D:
we are VERY bad at planning
dean is my savior
this but unironically
its ok
its just funny
cam and i are supposed to have scheduled silly scrims like 3 weeks ago 😭😭
if we do a halloween event remember me ❤️
ofc
wait omggg and everyone dresses up as their fave league skin but shittily and you have to guess it for shots
Bruh how do I dress like nami...
lmao
im going to otakon and im planning on doing a viktor cosplay
i was just gonna reuse
lmao
little mermaid
me sitting there in my full pajama guardian soraka
lmao
Oop
hold on
#silly-admin @Jonah
yeah
I could front the first month but afterwards I'd probably ask for donations / crowdfunding
I wanna hear what you guys think and want at least 10 reactions before I start moving forward

I have a dedicated server in my house @Cam
We just run it on there
And Gigabit internet
oh huge
swag
It's literally my old pc
8700k
32gb ram
Should be plenty
Prob even better than a host website
okay, then we can probably set it up like today
I want to make a hub, roles, territory claim, stuff like that
economy

@Stanley would u wanna help me set any of that up later?
I'm 100% down
so uhh I'm used to doing it through a service, so I think I'll have to find plugins and you'll have to install them
then you just give me OP and i should be able to configure everything in person?
Yeah I'd handle the like
Server installation stuff
And you'd handle the what plugins to use/configuration
cool, so whne you get the chance wipe the world and i will research some plugins
I'll just make a new instance
What version are we doing
probably 1.19
what jar are u using
paper? spigot?
Paper
Is what I usually use
I believe that supports the most plugins? My knowledge is a little out of date
paper is good
paper is probably the best
Huge
Started a thread.
@Stanley staniel
I see
I'll probably set it up on my pc
Then send it over to my server once it's setup
Let me get that started now

@Cam cud i have pink role on mined craft :3
Why do I wake up to 163 admin messages
Bruh
we be runnig da server!!!
Half of these belong in silly admin 😭
id idnt make those :)
important admin information

i can help
can we have an admin base
lmao
im down
just add factions
we make an admin faction
we could do a hub and like
make parts of it based on the teams
too
i may be getting too thinky
you ever played a faction server with like the stores and stuff
not exactly
but i remember hubs before you go into worlds
or in a non pvp zone
explain
please :)
so for an economy you cans et up shops and things
every basically gets assigned points they start at 0 and then they can sell items for points and can use them to buy things, enchantments etc
a little complex
that'd be cool
so we dont necessarliy have to start with that
ideally id like a
main hub
but im assuming thats what cam is referring to when he says economy
just a spawn yeah
that teleports you to works (like factions)
worlds*
yup
but I kinda want to theme the hub after the teams
that's a lot more work though
that would be fun
we would have to like open the server for us ahead of time and build/ load some shit
yeah
maybe open it up to the captains
too
fair
i want to plan this out so bad
maybe if some of you guys could hop in a call later we could work on it
im down to help im pretty good at managing this kind of thing
and ideas
made #scrim-mc for minecraft discussions so we don't clog up this channel  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/06/25 午後 02:28] camdotzip @Dean u gotta scrub your input

<3
im about to ;-- DROP TABLE where NAME is PLAYERS
What’s telling you I don’t
B/c pretty sure I am king
there's 2 of them in stats page
Which one has the image showing up
"KSante" is working
It should be that
stan
Also in addition to this any place when you can actually run sql code is password protected
So to be clear we are telling Vernon he’s allowed to int his placements?
Not sure about that decision
i never said he was allowed to int
i said to talk it over with his team for signups
if they're okay with it, i think their the only party really effected
Ok but when he goes
“We sprint” and we just ignore it?
unignored

very cool to see so many new players in the 4 team
agreed

I will enter Pink v. Yellow
@Jonah pls enter Green v. Purple <3
@Dean I have 2 players telling me they've played 7 out of 8 games and it feels really bad to have to play another series for a single game, thoughts on adding a bit of forgiveness for players at 7?
can yall just play 1 more tonihgt
or did yall do 3
The other team had to go
we played 2
ahh
rip
yeah
Bot#8380 too good
so true
what do you mean by this
i think this is technically not ok
we won
both games
Bot#8380 :icing :
but i asked if they wanted to play a game 3
ahh ok
and avery said "i'm sorry i'm not able to play a game 3 something came up"
so it's good we got a game 2 in
ye I thought you emant they left early
no no
we played real games
it was 2-0 everyone legit tried
even vernon
which surprised me
Slippery slope tm
i could see 7 bc of like
at least 3 series
7 and 8 same
6 no though
Well it’s 4 series, or 3 long ones
yeah
i think 8 is fine
Also more games played is SOOO much better for balance
its unfortunate for them
If anything it should be 10 and 6 :)
oh well
that is true
8 isnt so bad
Yeah

Opinions on our new little scrimmers?
they're all pretty cool
i am a fan of the influx of players
actually got to talk to heroic and iya, too
they're chill
they are quite chill

@Dean how do we add new players? don't want to make a mistake

Don’t.
I got it
@Stanley can you put caps on bucks name
Or @Noam @Cam
Have people been entering games btw?
If not, don’t start randomly doing it now, need them to be in order
I did the purple vs green games tonight
Ok
Hopefully
Everything before tonight is in
Cam did the other I think
I haven't done the Yellow v Pink yet
heard
But all the other days are accounted for?
yeah should be
only other games i've entered were yesterdays
and those were entered earlier
There’s a webpage that does the process and sets everything up, but rn there’s only one password for it, if it becomes an issue I’ll make new passwords for y’all
But I’ve been adding people in under 24 hours this weekend and this is the busiest I’ll ever be basically  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/06/26 午後 12:29] jeandones @Stanley @Noam @Cam can someone please capitalize buck’s name in new players?

👃👈
(It will not be me as I have touched my nose first.)
If you are at your pc can you please?
I'm not :( but if I get there first sure
Ok
Thanks
Is it a myphpadmin thing
Yes
Ok
I will build functionality to get around this when I get home
Huge
As well as the email notif
Assumed people would put more sensible names in most of the time
It’s been like 50/50 lately
I'm at work but I'm leaving early, I can probably do it
done
myphpadmin is really nice i've never used it before
well, extensively
i have like an hour of experience
Ty

Holy I just saw announcements
So many capital letters 😬

was a big night
needed to yell

🆗

yes
entering games makes me want to put a bullet through my skull
@Stanley we should work on that image processing stuff
ye
imagine doing it while running stream 🙃
i haven't done it while streaming w/ bans yet tho
I input a game with password and it just hasn't shown up yet
so i'm gonna assume it's in
use incognito
open in incognito
i cry
you all need raises
alright they show up
cam it's been the same way so long

games logged
me + stanley dream duo
Either look for it saying success 10 times in black text at the bottom or check myadmin
Incog also works
I looked into hooking it up with api but it’s disabled for customs

Understood
Can also make that clearer while editing website

willing to help with a redesign :)

where are they all coming from @Dean
how would i know
you're dean
you know everything
i dont know how to integrate
(math)
happens
i understand the diversity meaning of integration
surely
but yeah we've had an insane spike of new players
maybe some captains are bringing people in?
ive heard its iya + sarv partially
but
idk
i see
nice!!!!!
it also appears noam is bringing in gamers
i am in the trenches trying to prep this fucking minecraft server
i can help
right, i think its a wide variety
wait let me make the portal thing rn
I brought in 2 off the top of my head
just us 3 admins

@Dean yaveed left the server but is still in the database, if i invite him to the discord can i just.....give him the players role

Yeah
percet  {Reactions} missing (2)  [2023/06/27 午後 07:47] camdotzip perfect
if anyone else wants to help we can speed up the process a lot
creating spawn / information areas and then we just have to make a safe survival spawn and we are good

i would if i wasnt in the glorious nation of ireland

Only 3 teams? Sad
we have all 6!
there are 5 shown in the picks........

Oh I couldn’t make them out through the glass
No rift sharks (you hate me)

Rift sharks and Andromeda are the 2 teams that don't have rotated logos
:)
Not favoritism
fucking based
Nice
Aight bet all the admin facing changes should be good
better notification if games are logged successfully, and some onboarding improvements
stan suggested image processing for game entry
which uhhh shouldnt be hard
If you want to write it sure
my job this summer has been image recognition
might be able to help
dope
That is something I am going to refuse to do
it's more about edge detection then text but uhh
game design degree moment
maybe?
it's all the same!!!
No i just spent about 3 days trying to figure out api stuff for game logging
enough time spent in that file for the next few months
I guess i can handle all the non image processing stuff, but I just wonder what the roi is gonna be

Could you set it up so that it just pulls all the information and then have an admin organize it into who played what role
Well yeah but designing the interface to do that is gonna be a pain
I CAN DO IT
Hm
What’s going on rn?
With hong in Gen chat
Caesarius had to leave
we swapping in kathy
Bot#8380 supp players on alistar
Oh
How many games in, 2?
1
Y’all have played 1 game in an hour and a half? Holy shit
Bot#8380 -5)
scrim started late
it took us a while to figure out who was playing
Bot#8380 i’m in all 3
Shoulda just cancelled xd
scrim bot is in 3 games
Did this happen after logging a game?
nope
Weird
probably dee related?
That’s what I’m hoping yeah

@Dean for game 2, should I enter it as normal, or do we do the think like during the season when the teams have a point differential?
should i even enter game 1
ok
id say yes

Def enter game 1
And the point differential thing always applies
game 1 already entered
I’m debating
I think just enter it so it counts towards the requirement
I assume Kathy’s team lost v
*?
nop
we got garrett diffed
Oh then yeah why not enter it lol
stan the man?
I thought it was “we lost b/c we subbed down”
no stanley thought there might be a problem with points changing
ok i'll enter game 2
thanks i luv u
game 2 logged

@Dean points aren't locked after 8 games anymore?

It’s 8 or start of signing period, whatever happens later

Could the roles changing process be automated in some what
Its literally super easy
im just giving him shit
It used to just be on the main players page but then peter just changed 20 peoples roles to "fill fill"
so now its not public
Oh lmao
still pissed about that one btw

Yeah that’s annoying

games were both duped?
is it valid to just delete the extra entries?

Uh
Don’t
Game indexes are gonna get Fucked up
games weren't duped
Just don’t enter the next game and edit it in manually
Wait what happened then
Im like 9 drinks in eli5 por favor
one sec
in game
ok i died
games themselves not duped
but player game entries were duped
so there is a game 1 and a game 2
but each player has 2 entries for game 1
and 2 entries for game 2
What
i sent screenshots
How is that even possible
i have no idea
each of us submitted once
Fuck
Let me figure it out
I can just hard reset the indexing
I have a vague idea at how that could have happened
Merge error on git
damn
yeah thats my bad
didnt read the merge conflicts close enough, i thought it looked weird but didnt double check
it duplicated the part that added it to the json file
and the database
ill fix
ah gotcha
not duped in games tho?
just playergames?
yeah
taric quinn????????
ask blake 🙂
Bro what happened
How did Blake get 100 kills
3 games tonight?
putting us at 478?
2
oh
we were at 476 before?
idk lol
can u priv brownser and check
yeah
in a sec
oh NVM you cant check
shit
hold on
check in 2 mins
ok should be good now
looks correct
this?
wait
it still says 100 kills
thats not correct, right?
no it's not lmao
was just about to fix
bruh
it'll fix itself
thats something thats severe enough it requires a refresh of the json file
he had 2 kills??!?!?!? and you typed 100 ?!??!!?
typo
idk why it didn't update
nah bro how
we put in game 2 after
i'm a little stupid
i force reset it
im gonna make a page that auto resets each of the jsons
issue is
im mason dancing
unconciouslly
so coding might be hard
what does that mean
do it some other time
not urgent
you know how he just
moves around
moves
in cirlces
yeah
yeah
me
im
sauced
i see
that's rough
nah
its a win
coding master here
dr gaming
i believe
Pinned a message.
ooh cool

So we didnt just fix that ksante issue?
yall crazy
what ksante issue
where there were 2 ksantes
You say y’all like I can fix it
i think that was before i had access to it
i just fixed it but like fr yall?
smh
ok but the person who did it can definitely fix it LMAO
This is not a yall moment
ok yall, referring to the 4 people who can fix it
my bad bro
Lol
no need to be pressed abt it
what was the issue?
someone entered K'Sante instead of KSante?
there were 2 champions
KSante and Ksante
There were 2 different ksante s in the system
ah okay
wasn't sure what the cause was
just not using the dropdown with autofill
yah
least played champion has 3 games, wow
remember when we still had unplayed champs
Lol
Yeah
I think we finished the last 3 unplayed in 1 game
and every champion has won at least once
When I played asol support
Before the rework
liss is 1-5 tho 😭
dont think i've ever won on liss in scrims
literally only taxi has
youve never played her
oh shit i havent?
thinking of clash then maybe

@Dean can I sign players at midnight
i think so
but i am not dean

I believe I can so because 2 admins agree we 👍  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/06/30 午後 09:15] jeandones Yes

: )

@Admins reminder to make sure to give a reaction once youve handled something, seeing a lot of unreacted messages
Should we give roles?
if you want but i know them all :)
Can I give my players their roles or is there some process that needs to be done first
I see checkmark on message but roles haven't been given
Unless my discord is glitching
I look back and it has been done
Thank you dean (I presume)
OH
that kind of roles
yeah
it was noam or someone ikd
I did my team
Didn't touch andromeda

Jonah maybe?
prolly
i did taxi myself :)
So we have how many teams complete starters
2
Bot#8380 we can yoink
But mine should be in tmrw
So including like
My jungler did not message scrimblo
Signings we know are going to happen
3 ig
Andromeda, Meta Busters, Rift Sharks
?
yeah
wonder what they have in common :clueless:
🟧hmm
Captains are admins!
I solved the puzzle what's my prize 😄
One (1) more points for starting roster
Can I have 20
So I can start hongbaabaa over me
You get to choose valors replacement :)
Then I don't need to play:)
Oh fr
That's a lot of pressure
No XD
We could do a vote
We should discuss it yeah
opens to his team first then to hong methinks
How about clamp?
Cylako
So mvp members?
Clamp?
Not clamp
No way clamp
Yeah heroic iya will Jackson
Autocorrected
But I’m giving him the month
I see
If he says nothing we replace him
makes sense
If those four idk who would be captain
But don’t reach out to him
I mean teddy will take it 100% so
True
If they don’t want it I’ll give to him
Worst case
Captainbaabaa
Wait i am confused
why does Teddy get prio for captaincy over cylako
Cylako turned it down already last season and teddy asked about spectres right after caesarius did
ah okay
that is understandable
Teddy has actively been asking me to captain is the tldr
Cylako is after him imo
But ideally valor doesn’t quit :)
that would be nice
Could we see our first team rebrand
If he do
I would prefer not but I guess yeah
might be hyope
tbh
Masked VALORan pirates you know
would be kinda weird yeah
I would say that except they won
also ValorMVP
oof true
Really cringe to win then disappear
I’d hope heroic or iya would want to captain
I have not heard heroics voice once
Tbf it’s a good name regardless of whether he’s on the team or not
Nothing like cylakats where it only makes sense if he’s on it
cylakats goated name
Maybe a slight rebrand or something
Different name same logo or something
he does not sound how u think he does
i've played clash with him and i don't think i could pick out his voice in a blind test
iya's is a lot easier to place
I've played with iya a few times
fate has not had me play with heroic
Try thinking of a different name that has the acronym mvp and makes sense with the logo LMAO
MVPs
i think a full rebrand would lowkey be hype ngl
that's it that's the name
Mmm verydelicious (p)orange  {Reactions} 👀  [2023/07/01 午前 01:20] camdotzip but the team would have to be really into it
Fair, but it’s just worse
Given who’s leftover I don’t see that happening with any name ngl
Unless it’s something weird
btw is mike ending up on a team
would suck if he was left by the wayside
I can’t imagine he won’t
rift sharks no?
Xd?
am i smoking penis who is ur jg
Literally everyone just assumed we’d take him
dash
I don’t get why that was assumed
Yeah
Blake was talking about it a lot
bc someone mentioned that mike was in talks with u!!
There's still nynb mvp and spc not settled
So he could maybe find a spot there
nynb is for sure not happening
Yeah I think Blake said he might just keep him
oh well
that would be nice
Or end up subbing for another team
if blake takes anyone except vernon he could take mike LOL
?
Do they have beef or
vernon is like
30 - 40 points
Blake's planned team is uh
blake is stuck in hell
Not working out points wise
now, i'm not a narc
they need like 2 people under 5 points hehehahw
but blake has been telling me to rig so he and adam can int together
(in jest surely)
Bot#8380 i change
change what scrimblo
this makes u a narc
Yeah something like that
Adam Vernon and Blake are all on my int watchlist already do not worry  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/07/01 午前 01:22] teslaplasmabolt Ah he's developed the ability to learn
PB also
PB points are locked he doesn't need to
😭
But I think he was only saying that b/c I broke the website and made him like 40 points
Because the season got doubled
Yeah he likes to change roles for the bit
Wait were points supposed to show up on website
pb?
Ye
oh shit
For like half a day
All the nutbusyers has HUMONGUS POINTS
cue my heart attack when my roster suddenly didn't worj
:)
It was swiftly dealt with
Assassination attempt
stanley i fucking love you
everything u do sends my sides into orbit
This was after I won 4 series in a row and I thought I straight up ruined my roster by accident

actually hm
Valor has sent one (1) message in the server in the past forty (40) days
Maybe we don’t give him the month
Can one of y’all shoot him a message and ask what’s going on
Just point out that it’s troubling to see someone who is supposed to encourage interaction and engagement be completely absent from the server

yeah i can
or if MVP doesn't fire *and* hong doesn't want it giving it to cylako

I do think unfortunately having people be able to make teams with new players sets a bit of a bad precident
Bc I think a lot of people would try to jump ship from current teams and form their own
Which kinda defeats the point of having permanent teams
This is ok I think though

I think if he brings in people to the point where we have enough for 7-8 teams it kinda makes sense he'd have first dibs on a new team
I'm not sure if I'm underestimating players' desires to form their own team but I don't think it would be too common
Cylako DMd me and said he has 5 starters in mind and maybe also 2 subs but idk how many of them are already in the server
There's also the issue of
Bringing in people planned for a team and having the points not work out
True
He also just told me they're already in the server so what I said is kinda moot lol
I think if they want a team then they should bring in the players so that they can form it the next season
I think that's the best way to avoid team implosion
Yah
-Cylako
Literally untrue but ok
I’m with Stanley on this 100%
If someone brings 7-8 people into the server in an off-season and has expressed that they are going to ahead of time that’s different than just trying to be a rogue captain
If valor doesn’t respond by tmrw I think we start asking mvp
word
what should i tell him
You’re on the list for if the number of teams increases but for now only the current captains can form teams
Or something like that
aight
To be fair he was offered captaincy and refused so he isn’t really allowed to be pressed abt it  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/07/01 午後 02:06] teslaplasmabolt Yeah the issue with rogue captaining is it makes it harder for regular captains to form teams  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/07/01 午後 02:07] jeandones Like realistically he’s just wasting a bunch of players time currently

We should do:  during the season/in off season we hit threshold -> next season new captain
Yeah
Oh so not even for the current season
Interesting
You might be on to something here
If we're in the middle of a season I think it'd be difficult
For example if it happened next week we bump up teams for season 6 or 7?
7
Unsure if we’re on the same page
Ok yeah
Hm
I think the risk is losing player engagement
But if we run in season signups more maybe we don’t?
Yeah
i think if the season hasn't started - as in official games haven't started - it's fine to add a new team if there are enough
I see an issue where a bunch of people are brought in and then stop playing
hmm that's fair
Let’s see what happens with valor and then decide
But I’m leaning towards Stanley’s take
I think it would have to be down before signing can start
^
Bc people might try to leave their current team to go to a new one or something
Could cause a mess
ah okay i agree with that
I’ll post announcement regarding that
Won’t ping but important to get it out there

Added a player to my team
I added role but I only reacted yellow
bc I don't know if anything else has to be done
I’ll get it for the site
ty
are there any other valid teams than mine
or did I win
You win
yippee!!!
hm
didn't say anything else 🙃

I guess ask him when he is planning on working on his team

games tonight entered

@Noam ^
I did
He hasn't answered
Sorry should've said something
Bet wasn’t sure
Bot#8380 hes busy farming junglers!
Yeah all good
I sure am busy farming junglers
It meant valor that’s why he hasn’t been active ;)
true!
crazy
Not the best look what can i say

His team is gonna be ass
But at least he’s aware of it I guess?
Can we try to get captains to not exceed 8/9 until valor starts signing? And we should probably say something along those lines in #looking-for-team so people know
But yeah crazy that he says he doesn’t understand why he got low ratings for passion and then does this..
maybe captain chat?
but yeah I agree
i prob won't go over 7
i could see the remaining players not working as a team/ not wanting to paly together
not the best strategy
maybe we could ask if he wants to keep being a captain?
maybe he's just done and would happily pass the torch
Someone may want to encourage him to start finding players  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/07/01 午後 11:09] redloheb_ Or ask him if he would like to no longer be captain  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/07/01 午後 11:09] nomulus If we should limit number of players should I drop the last player I added
I thought that’s what Noam just did
I mean
That's what I asked
That should at least spark that discussion though
Yeah
I can ask explicitly if he's too busy and wants someone else to take over as captain
maybe give it a day or 2
Depending on how he answers that I would ask if he wants someone to take over
is my oppinion
I wouldn’t lead with that but depending on the answer yeah
Bot#8380 i think
onopin
sure
Yeah
opinion
that makes sense
You’re fine no
Just don’t add more
👍
I think we continue keeping an eye on them :)
yeah that's pretty obvious
but we wait for more data
Didn’t Blake just go 100 kills on Taric
he had 2 kills
Ok that was fake I wasn’t sure
YOU WERENT SURE HE DIDNT GET 100 KILLS?
Sometimes things happen
the highest we've ever gotten was like 38
I don’t question them
We get a little silly around here
It could be possible
I’d definitely look out for them though yeah
Wait what did Adam do
nothing hes fine
blake is locked in points so less of a concern
but vernon has 4 more required games so we need to keep our eyes open
Got it
TRUE BUT
LIKE IN THIS CASE
IF ON A TEAM WITH VERNON
WHO DOESN'T HAVE LOCKED POINTS
capslock
i said less not not a concern
i still 100% agree
ye

let me get you the replays
because i watched vernon's deaths
since they seemed like high numbers
but idk it's hard to tell, he seemed like he was trying? but also maybe just being stupid or cocky?
blake on the other hand was being an idiot
i mean soft inting is hard to distinguish tbh

Yeah you can really punish limit testing
i think its something to keep an eye on if he gets double digit deaths for the next 4 games
I mean you can get double digit deaths and not be running it
I’m just that bad 🙂
youre not like 30+ points though
not 2 diamond+ players
like bro can and has played much better than he has this season very recently
and has talked about inting
Fair
do NOT look at deanpog at an angle

Lmao

What have you done

Blake should not be losing to my neeko top ever
Just does not make sense (I am bad at league)
btw
Looks like he wants to be capn
😬
good news ig
are games in?

No
I havent done them at least

I’m likely going to be at medical facilities most of the day can someone else cover game logging and the scrimbot message before 8, ideally as early as possible

Removed Dee from signup but don't have any of the games

Just gotta ask around
I don’t think any admins played yesterday
ope
someone took care of that faster than i could
nooo the icon changed
should i wait for you
or do i just delete the duplicated game entry and the player entries

Don’t delete I’ll get it
What browser are you using
And are you refreshing?
Caesarius is Pog

chrome
i force refreshed
Don’t do that while entering games b/c it resubmits the form
ah okay
I supposedly handled it correctly but if it duped your game I did not
Honestly you could probably just delete the game and I could reindex again
That might be easier actually
okay
extra entries have been deleted

Sick, just makes sure points are correct that way
Maybe
Or breaks the website
50/50
Bot#8380 who literally trying to y’s
hopefully not too hard to fix
Oh you gotta delete the game and the playergames
oh wait
i refreshed
it's good
Pog
i did delete the game lol it just didn't update  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/07/03 午後 08:13] jeandones I’m glad that extra page I made will be useful again
which one
The pinned one
That hard refreshes the jsons
i used it!
Right
That’s what I mean t
oh i thought it was sarcasm xd
No
I meant I’m glad it didn’t just have to be used once  {Reactions} 😌  [2023/07/03 午後 08:15] jeandones I’ll have to use it again after reindexing tn also
So coming in clutch
big
Well now only Blake OR Vernon can lose
@Jonah keep an eye peeled and either log games or send them to scrimbo so someone else can
ok
so this is a draft
Draven or zeri top
zeri
vernon
Into Akshan
im on purple
we all encouraged it tbf
were having some game one fun
zeri was picked before akshan
^
No I just meant funny matchup
ah yeah
Monka top lane
we have fun here
how many game dodges are legal lol @Cam

are points locked for people with 8 games?
Yeah
i see

?
blake dodged twice to buy his champ lol
Once it hit July 1st yeah
was joke
Oh
cam is in call with them
so i @ him

suggestion
add a spectator role
which allows you to join green and purple team
but not speak in either
bc when the games are not streamed people like to watch their friends

can someone else log these i have work tomorrow and i want to go to sleep
ill send screenshots to scrim bot

I can do the role thing if someone can get the games
vernon is not inting i dont think
Heard

actually i can get the games too yall seem busy
i can do the games
if u dont want to
nah im doin rn
alr
@Dean u want me to do the third game or something?
no i already have everything open
thought i was gonna be busy in a sec but
didnt happen
xd
dwbi
if i didnt want to do them i would take up ur offer
i appreciate it
heard
if you could remove my throat for like 4 days i would appreciate that tho
searing pain :(
and the pharmacy funbled my medication so
spectator roles exist now
huge
however sub validation is broken on team page
hey does Dee count as a "New Player" for the sake of bonuses
doesnt matter bc its impossible to break 95 with bonuses this season anyway
but i think no
okay
so 95 is the hard cap for all teams then
yeah
cool
trying to answer blake's questions
so no different from last season
caps are autocalculated anyway so if youre unsure just plug the teams in and it will either work or not
considering just hiding the numbers next season to avoid confusion tbh
dont want people doing math that doesnt add up
so what's the root problem here
wdym
bc at a first glance hiding the numbers and creating less clarity doesn't seem like the best solution
to a lack of clarity
if people try to add up the numbers to see if they break the max, but the max fluctuates based on who you have on the team
but if you take the numbers away and just say
if its green its green and dont think too hard about it
that honestly might be simpler
do you not think people would begin to question why things someimtes work and sometimes don't?
blake was convinced jacob was -1 point because when jacob was added to a team, the green bar went down
he is
and stanley had to explain that the max increased
huh
no jacob is -1 points
i am now confused even more how is that possible
he sucks @Jacob  :0
<3
he does not suck
ok
to clarify
his comms suck
he is my baby boy
his gameplay is not the issue
so hurtful.............................
i luv u jacob dw
anyway
we talked abt it privately i am simply sharing the results of the convo
are the "increasing the max" rules posted anywhere on the website
love you babe  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/07/03 午後 11:31] jeandones in announcements
and will be added to noam and is rule sheet
so only the discord?
to be clear though I do have a 36% winrate
for now yeah
but its a wip
okay just curious

for now!
True, who knows the depths I can reach
I wonder what the plot of my winrate over time looks like
that would be cool to see yeah
wonder how noticeable season 5 start and end of team is for me 💀
wait does the database store images
of past info
what do you mean by this
like do you have past data stored
i was pretty close tbh

Got to love the steady trend downwards since game 40
I peaked so early
100% wr gang
for the coding admins, the error was that i had a statement that equated to   > if(false, "andromeda"){ > } > else{ > "fails" > } >   and it wasn't outputting fails bc "andromeda" equates to true and commas count as "or" in an if statement
Lol nice
man
programming amiright
stoobley

how about me
see if you can spot metabusters
me next me next!
:)
its a pain in the ass
last one
yippee!!
:)
meta busters 1.0*
2.0 boutta run the server
cam
rough first 10
you can see weezer
LMAO
25-40 range i think
LOL
😭
cylakats?
guess who
mason?
:)
unless this
25-40 range
has anything to say
it's def mason
only ~140 games player with 60% wr
on god im the goat  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/07/04 午前 01:15] jeandones i guess i could have hid the axes
tomorrow i day drink, wednesday i force adam into 2v2v2v2, and thursday i hit diamond
goodnight gamers
happy 4th
yeehaw
happy 4th king
murica and whatnot

My beloved

Maybe instead of telling captains a number of players to stop at we could say dont sign more people once youve met the requirements? Meta Busters and Rift Sharks have a decent amt of ppl but still don't pass the vibe check
We're just waiting on Kathy to do 1 more signup
still wont work tm
Wdym
dont have a sub for u
Oh
lanes dont work out for a 1:1 sub
We have valid teams where I am not playing though
then its dependent on more than 1 person
same way it worked last season
cant plan on combos of subs, too unreliable
you can do this and it works tho
replace jacob w kathy sry
or just ask someone to change secondary role to fill :)
Daev secondary role is fill!
right
i said
start daev, OR ask someone to change roles
Ohh

would that prevent me from getting any more people
bc ideally I'd like someone that could sub for me that doesn't lessen the team's points by like 25
like one more person in 20ish range
should have worded better
stop them at 8 *if* they've met the requirements
ahh ok
yeah i realized that oop

It starts…
Oh my
Cylako and valor are back together
This is legal
No shot
Kms
I don’t see it happening
Also it’s def a downgrade from heroic
I mean
Yeah

@Dean does adding Russ fix

uh
idk
check site
youre kinda fked if it doesn't
team full xd
it seems to yes
i think we are going to run out of players
actually maybe not
its interesting
we should be fine if blake is importing again
which allegedly
is happening
only with players that have played games I come up 1 short of valid teams
maybe a couple depending on subs

should be fine then

Also fwiw I think 25+ point players are a dime a dozen, so probably no restrictions on signing them
DRDD, heroic, Vernon, Heelie, iya, hong all in that category
don't think any of those would want to be on my tea m:(
No Heelie?
idk i havent asked any
but i don't really know any of those people
is my point
Gotcha
No harm in trying to getting to know them
In fact I would encourage it
Heelie would fit well on your team though, has preexisting synergy with Jonah and would fit well as a sub for you and pb b/c he plays mid and support
hmn thank you
you are captaining for me
i will consuilt the gang

I thought heroic and iya were done
I mean iya just brought on like 5 people so I figured she was still interested?
Oh
Nvm then ig
Last I heard was that they were on their way out
But also I don’t get to hear any rumors b/c I am Mr scrim zone ig
Maybe that changed
I have no clue
Wouldn’t be surprised, I think most of us thought valor would resign them but he just kinda blew his whole team off it seems
It’s possible heroic is out but iya isn’t
This is what I would have guessed
And yeah idk what’s up with valor
But he’s got cylako ig
Bot#8380 sooooo funny  {Reactions} 😭 (2)  [2023/07/05 午後 03:59] redloheb_ Sooooo true scrimbot

wow!
Helpful tm
I do wonder why they send these out a month after implementing the feature
Are we a community server
Oh we are I see the little logo

@Dean can someone keep a team role even if the team is full? not allowed to sub or anything, just to be part of the team atmosphere
we did that with sam so i'd assume
on russycats, mimaw's, and andromeda
could i do so with Jacob ||Not doxxing your middle name|| R of Is For Me and Airwick fame?
uhh yeah i think so but waiting for secondary opinion probably isnt a bad idea
why the middle name...
I know it but I don't want to doxx my man
i'm pretty sure when it was done before it counted as a signing
but I may be misremembering
Stanley is correct yeah
Also Jacob is already signed :)
I know I'd release or similar but just let him keep the role was the idea
Also bro is literally an admin?
truege
idk @Jacob whatever you're feeling
i'd love to be a meta buster in as meaningful of a way as possible
but not play
I think you can stay signed as a coach
word
But it takes up a sub slot
yuh
if Russ is a valid sub for me with Kathy as a starter then that's fine
But also your team is pretty valid with only those 9
Yeah p sure everything’s covered
aight that's what I was worried about
we solid
Just check if there’s errors if you remove Jacob from the team
jacob is our NPC
non playing coach
Imagine if Jacob gets the coach dub  {Reactions} clean  [2023/07/07 午前 12:54] jeandones Mason would lose it
is there a best coach award
You’d end up with the same resume
No
Lots of reasons
can we add one just for jacob
chief among them is not encouraging players to become coaches?
1. Not enough coaches 2. Impossible to determine impact of coach 3. Basically impossible to give real criteria for the award 4. What Noam said  5. Award considered a joke in p much every context it exists in
Not ordered
Like last season it would be between Sam and mason
How do we know
If we add one it should be for mason or Sam unironically. Two players with the best history of helping teams, *BUT* that’s only known by people with crazy amounts of insider knowledge
i see
can we add best jacob award
biggest fall off
not that I started particuarly high
but first player to genuinely reach negative points!
are you?
i won this season 1
with my defeat of jake on bitly
didn't Dee have negative points at some point

that was due to a game miss input
I mean in the past
not recently
I may be misremembering
game was entered with janley beating kathy's kittens
I think they did yeah
which was not correct
while that game was entered wrong
they was at -1
Well Iirc they were at -2
Before that
Like I think that game was making them MORE negative
But they were negative regardless
nah after it was fixed it went to zero
iirc
Right but it got fixed significantly after the points were below 0
Fixing it brought them back to 0, yes
so it went like 0 -1 -2 -3 -2 -1 -1 (fix) 0 but without the fix it would be like  0 -1 -2 -2 -1 0 0  ?
90% sure yeah
Bot#8380 xin zhaoworkworkactualy based
B/c I remember the number being negative 2 or negative 3 at one point which wouldn’t be fixed by a single bit flip
Zamn.
admins be remembering rn
Or I could be making this up entirely
Your call :)
i remember Dee being below -1 as well
so either we both have scrimrot
or we are correct
When no one’s got me, Stanley’s got me
I gotta change my pfp
Stop smokin the yagao pack

Did this and uhhh
See for yourself @Noam
I mean he's staying on the team
looks like he would need to be starting for the sub situation to validate
could any roles tomfoolery work?
unsure
or maybe you could do what andromeda did last season
maybe setting jacob to fill but thats super dishonest
have someone as a sub but they end up playing every game
xd
that can work too
i'm down to take a player lol
if it helps your team become valid
realistically should probably go to blake or valor
they are looking rough w their 3 players apiece
their fault tee hee :)
i mena
yeah
what are your predictions for nynb & mvp dean
as all-knowing god of scrimzone
i have no clue
im out of the rumor mill this season ig
sad :(
i don't know anything other than blake's goal
Mr Dean
This is literally what I was asking
i assumed you checked
i tested a little bit but ive literally been busy all week
With Kathy as a starter
ok mb
The points are like 1 or 2 off
also i wrote the code so you dont have to ask me
I think I wasn't clear
just use the website 😭
I did!!
That's why I wanted a sub who would make it valid!
did you not use the site to check if the sub would work how you wanted it to?
no lol i've also been busy
if Jacob swaps his secondary to top does that fix it
or even to fill
i used the site thouroughly to check my own team 😄
Dean is a smart man
I am not
This has been established
You should honestly just trade some of your subs so you have a valid team without needing that
if jacob isnt going to be playing make a valid team without him on it
honestly true
last season was hard bc we didnt have enough people to really field 6 teams
this season we should do it correctly
ok
Bot#8380 no
scrimbot has spoken
fuck you
I refuse

when do sub points lock?
at 8 games as well?

that or season start

Dean you can run scrims tonight right
Cause I’m on Alana’s computer
yeah

roster tool broke :(
Lot of things broke
Working on it
all good
no rush
wait whats wrong w the roster tool
notw rking for me
might need reload
@Dean does auto-gen more than once change the result other than random sed?
uh
kinda
yeah
what does it do
bc if I auto-gen once more I get a team where ash and dash are on same team
bc they can hear eachother
is it still fair teams?
yes
ok so i'll use that
the roles people are assigned are based on the order that they are listed and generating teams changes that order
but yeah its still random
Ok i see
try that and see yeah

actually i would like to avoid meeting more discord mods
eww discord mods
those guys are yucky
yeah they're smelly
too lazy to log rn
will tomorrow if no one else does

I'll get them

Ty to whoever changed heroics roles
twas i
forgot to checkmark it
had to dm him to ask what he meant

Lol

is there a reason Jackson's points don't show up

games logged btw
Have to update it manually
oh okay

In general we should probably keep pings to a minimum  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/07/11 午後 06:17] jeandones I've been limiting my pings on announcements that aren't super important, feel like we have an issue of people ignoring pings directed at them or their team so pinging people less frequently might make them seem more important when they do happen
obv some people are just never going to check the server and are unrecoverable, but not causing new people to start doing that is probably worthwhile
i reduced everyones points by 1 at the beginning of the season to compensate for the kda change
ohh
just kidding
scrim bot sucks at the game and lost
L

@Jacob @Jonah when is a good day to have y'alls meeting?
Let's make sure we actually pick a day this time
pretty much any weekday would be good at like 8  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/07/12 午後 02:37] redloheb_ Whenever should be fine
@Admins what day(s) in the next week are good for yall? Sooner = better
i can do any of the next 7
Tonight
Let's go
but preferably tonight-sunday
any day except friday a 70% chance of no
i'm down for tonight
8 right?
yep
7:30 might be better in case signups run
theres 5 so i think its a low chance
that does not work as well for me
ok we do 8 then
fuck signups

I personally cant do any day up to the weekend but could do a meeting over the weekend
Also would be willing to just be informed on what was said

any day with some heads up is possible for me

are you back in the us rn
bc Tonight sounds smart to me
gives us more time
no LOL i fly tmrw
no mimaw at meeting :(
i meant that as in next week
im on eu brain dw
mimaw is there in spirit
@Stanley @Noam @Jacob @Jonah @Cam ? Tonight at 8pm
yh
sure
id be active abt 3 am here cuz thats when i gotta get up
dean i forgor my jersey i couldnt get any dope pics :(  {Reactions} smodge  [2023/07/12 午後 04:20] teslaplasmabolt works for me

Uh yeah sounds good probably
Bot#8380 na mid fine either she just steal my point of genshin
Nevermind fuck scrimbot

Probably fine

soooooooo
we are at 8 for signups
:)
lol
fine with mr
me
@Jacob @Noam @Cam can yall do 7:30?
sure
prolly
not sure why we chose 8 whenever 2 of you guys were signed up lol
yes
we are very smart
you said 8
just because I said it doesn't mean we had to choose it!
🐑

Hey guys lets make sure to limit new channels we make to people with the players role
Pet pics is probably fine, but looking for team being available to people in the welcome channel is probably more confusing than anything
@Admins ^^
So when is the meeting
7:30
and we need 1 more for scrims after :)

can't I have andromeda practice
i am muting my mic because i have airpods
and the mic quality is horrendous
it would be cool if like
players could create their own free agent page
to advertise what they play / who they are
on the website
i think this goes with having logins
which is a suggestion i made about a year ago
--> if desired, i can help with creating authenticated logins thru the website
similar to u.gg and op.gg account claiming
@Admins

for @Stanley  we have to sit down and actually make the roles for the discord bot
it will take an hour
yaeh
and finish scriummc too :(
we have our work cut out for us
have u figured out a claims plugin?
uhh not decided
yet
ill do soon
oh yeah lmk if you need help
okay mostly waiting on that
sure

@Noam send screenshots of what hong said that hes referring to
Games recorded
Asked Joey if there was anything specific that bothered him

okay on topic of the meeting yesterday
i am in the midst of moving / figuring out what's going on right now
so when i have some time i'll make roles, talk w stan, and work on the bot
as a heads up for a possible delay
Sounds good

Any game enterers in chat?
cylako sent the postgames in scrimbot dms

How do you send pictures to scrim bot
Cause when I tried it didn’t work

have to send it as an embedded link
or whatever

copy media link of the image and then send it

i will do it :smodge:
I just got home
Are there any left for me to fill
if you can get the last one that would be dope
im finishing up game 2 rn
Aight gimme like 2 minutes I'll get it
draft link is here
ill flip the sides in roster tool for you
Legend
ok its prepped
if scrims fires make sure whoever gens teams is using private browser for updated games
i can just update the json no
or will that not get everything
logged
Uh
Wdym
why do you want private browser for updated games
Uh sometimes the json cache doesn’t refresh on normal browser
I don’t know why
Better safe than sorry
ah ok
will try to keep in mind!
Wait shit who all played last night
Nvm
why what's up
i don't think we had a single admin
Point locks
Bot#8380 yes and i can poke them lol
I was wondering if we needed to wait to enter todays games
But we don’t
Ah okay

Games logged
Daev hit 8+ games

Ok I’ll fix him tmrw morning

Can I remove someone from my team for having a lame-ass summoner name? @Noam
who
“Soy jacken off”
no I think that is a very good name
I mean
I will ask her to change it for irl scrims I’m not putting that shit on stage
I think you can release them if they are at odds with your team value
Who lmfao
a tragedy
Imagine you are sitting in pc cafe and you look on screen and it’s “jacken off”
you forgot the soy
that makes it fuinny
Doesn’t save it !

i think its a good name  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/07/24 午後 04:51] ktnpwincess an

Ah of course

i cannot do irl scrims anymore  {Reactions} 👎  [2023/07/24 午後 06:13] camdotzip keep forgetting to bring this up
WHAT
NOOOOO
sorry :(
been incredibly busy and the 30th has like 3 conflicts
i win for u cam
ty mimaw

Oh
Rip

D:
D:
for me thats a no
agreed, feels like circumventing rules
too close to the sun

We really almost had all the admins in one place at the same time
Tragic

Rip

irls games logged  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/01 午前 12:13] teslaplasmabolt huge

Teddy has not said anything since like game 2 and I had to like pry a pick out of him in champ select and is currently like
not moving in the custom game window
what do i do
never mind i guess he moved now
I mean Liz is muted but is actively unmuting and comming when I'm asking questions, it's kinda weird behavior, he's not answering anything but is actively here and playing the game (also just stealing all my camps)
is everything okay with the comms?
is teddy astrotilted from vernon/blake team
Everyone else is doing like super fine, he just literally not doing/saying anything
I have no idea
Maybe?
If so he hasn't said anything, and they are being pretty tame for the most part
idk
w/e
ok keep us updated
gotcha gotcha
I dm'd liz after G1 to check in because she was muted most of the time but she seems in very good spirits so i don't think our chat is very toxic
that's good
Teddy is telling me Vernon flashed to steal his scuttle
and said him and Blake aren’t trying
that tracks i'm gonna be honest
they locked in nunu mid
And he doesn’t feel like the game is worth playing
But won’t say anything to scrim bot
ok
so 2 things
1 blake and vernon should chill
but 2 teddy should calm down a little
Bot#8380 im usually by solo-closer and think about laning safer
im feeling like it doesnt need to be this serious
idk im not there
but like
I don’t think he’s like raging?
I think he’s just unmotivated to care
Respectfully, from my point of vision, he like full tilted stopped comming way before they were actually playing like shitters
I mean I’m just conveying what he’s said
I’m not taking sides
Bot#8380 yooooo
understood!
he should voice that tho
I mean I think he doesn’t want to get people in trouble
I told him to dm scrim bit
Bot
But he said he doesn’t care enough
So idk
This is fair but when I ask him 6 times, "Are you okay, what champ are you playing?" and he doesn't answer
he is intentionally being uncommunicative
which is
against the rules
objectively
Right
sorry i wasnt clear
i dont mean teddys like tilted
but like
dont go silent becaue you have a problem with something
while also no saying anything
yknow
idk
I agree
Yeah
Bot#8380 feet nami lane and jarvan vs mmk  {Reactions} missing  [2023/08/01 午後 10:20] jeandones I misunderstood what u said
Erik can u just send a scrimbo dm and we address after the series or tmrw?

Also hey @Admins  when we drag people to team chats let’s make sure to use the @Spectators role! Thanks  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/08/01 午後 10:40] nomulus Is that new
Someone pinged me to make it last time we were doing it
Cam suggestion on 7/03 it looks like
surely we do not ignore this
People in your call not on your team or ppl in your call on your team
not on my team
i had to mute mike because i couldn't get in a word
They shouldn’t even be allowed to be unmuted anyway
?
yeah i know
Who dragged them in? And who was it?
i gave them role
and told them they had to mute
💀
game 3 was like
clown fiesta of all clown fiestas
Can u just write up a report abt everything u can and dm scrimblo)
yeah
Would be greatly appreciated
Images work if you copy media links
Can dm them to someone and then copy link
Or send in a server somewhere
Admin logs a good home as well
Would also like Erik’s side of this
Just be as detailed as possible about everything, would like to have solid rule enforcement going into the season starting stuff off like this is not good.
Bot#8380 there server is playing ranked and sam
sent
Think a main point here is going to be if muting teammates that are preventing you from focusing and trying your best with comms off is considered trying or not b/c it seems like that’s something he did.
Once messages are in about it let’s make a thread and discuss
My personal perspective says that he is not remotely allowed to say my team isn't trying when he just full mutes and steals all my camps when I tell him not to
this is a biased perspective but
It rings hollow
He messaged me saying Blake and Vernon were talking about wintrading before game 1 ended which was ~25 minutes before he fullmuted
This definitely happened but it was deliberately communicated as a joke.
We also
won game 1
so
still makes no sense
I mean still if this is happening in vc as admins we should be very clear that it’s not something to joke about and that it’s taken seriously
If this is against the rules to joke about then we should be talking to a lot of people, I assumed it was within the bounds of joking about
I personally didn't know that wasn't allowed to be joked about so I didn't stop it
that's on me
I thought it was harmless
We reworked the entire rating system last season because people were talking about it too much
It is like #1 frequent behavior we are trying to stop
That and “pdf file”
My team was saying winning scrims actively hurts you and I said "You are either trying to win or you shouldn't play" or something similar and they all agreed  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/01 午後 10:53] barisaxxy Was unaware, will recorrect for the future, however, I do not think this absolves Teddy of his behavior.
Mason said the point system is very good it just causes players to try to subvert it and then Mike and Taxi said the winning is harmful part
It's not just Vernon and Blake making these comments
I was agreeing that it is a common thing
no i know
I just don't think it has been effectively communicated to people it's against the rules to joke about it.
I think joking about win trading is a common sense thing to know not to joke about
Especially when you have a newish player on your team
And!! When there is an admin on your team
I responded with, "lmao we don't do that here"
so
They know it's a joke
Teddy doesn't need to take offense for me or Liz I messaged Liz after game 1 and she seemed perfectly fine, her response was, "I just don't like talking in general but I'm having a good time (paraphrased)"
Also all of Teddy's DMs are just wrong
Teddy can take offense for himself
We were communicating about in-game all 3 games about in game stuff
He didn't mention you or Liz it was him talking about his opinions about the series
like he's just lying
in his last dm screenshot
I think we can chalk that up to hyperbole without resorting to lying accusations
sure but like
he is messaging an admin about another player's behavior
He's a player and I think it's reasonable to expect them to get tilted in a situation in which they perceive their teammates to be literally playing to lose
Yeah but like
it's a false perception
that's the point
It doesn't take away from the validity of the rest of his complaints
We can acknowledge that that part of what he said isn't true without ignoring the rest is what I'm trying to say
ok that clip he just sent is bad...
Vernon had 500 ping?
the whole game
This is a huge issue
how does ping make that play make any sense?
it doesn't.
also we definitely should not ignore the message he sent along with it where blake said he would try to get vernon to lose
agree
respect for taxi at least
I’ve heard this from 4 sources at this point
unfortunately there's a ton of evidence
oh i didn't see that clip I thought he was talking about the scuttlecrab
mb
Hating to say this rn but do we need to find a different captain for nynb?
Will is a good candidate if he would want it
I think it’s something that should be considered
i would have a serious talk with blake before we consider going that far
if this the first time blake has pulled something like this
^
Agreed
i'd say strong warning
but let him know the consequences
I think I'm personally probably a little biased here because Hong was being severely frustrating and contuining to not communicate when I actively told him tell me things
i will personally abstain unless you want to ask about comms perspective
Ok I think we wait until current convo dies down a bit and then I’ll make threads about each individual issue
And we can deliberate for a bit
agreed
No penalties and stuff should be issues until we are all thinking 100% sleaely
Clearly
^*
i'm thinking hella sleasely rn
Bot#8380 :nodean :
:nodean:
Nothing blake did (in-game) was remotely troll, everything Blake said was out of game
He did not play well Game 2 but he was not trolling
its not like playing Rammus Top constitutes an infraction
My concerns about Blake are people coming to me about stuff he’s said to them
Has anyone told Blake its not cool to joke about this?
If people think a captain is blatantly disrepecting the rules
Yes
Not like officially
I also think we're a bit past joking about it unfortunately
But I’ve said it to him in comms a few times
Also yeah this is not a bit
I think we need to like officially say something, not just for covering our own asses but like
this is prevalent
from more than just him
So just punishing him seems very odd
I mean
Difference being he’s a captain no?
also this is a pretty big offense
If valor or caesarius were saying this I’d feel similarly
If it's against the rules to joke about I don't think Captain status matters
that's my point
and we should cover our own asses
A player going hee hee hoo hoo i lower my points and a captain planning to int scrims to get a stronger team is quite different
Sorry I'm being such a hardass about this I don't mean to be pedantic
I just think rules apply unilaterally regardless of captain status regarding comments made about joking vs not joking
This is the announcement made about it
okay but people are still joking about it and we need to enforce it better across the board
Agreed but “removing captain status” can only be done to a captain
Which is what I was talking about
Specifically
I agree an announcement needs to be made about this at minimum
And this stuff is included in the rules doc Noam and I are working on
Which is codifying rules that are public knowledge
hm I will think on it but I find this to be an odd delineation of rulings
I understand your perspective <3
Again, didn’t say it needs to happen
Just said we should be thinking about it
Because if public opinion of a captain is this negative it’s pretty serious
Especially from a close friend that he brought into the server
That I can agree on for sure
i will simply wait to type more thoughts until later
Think the main points are
1. Blake (encouraging/joking about) inting, and how it should affect his captain status
2. Vernon inting?
3. Hongs decision to full mute 3 players
4. Extra people in vc
Yep all seems good

@Admins if you all can voice opinions in as many of these as possible that would be extremely helpful, let’s try to get them all resolved by tomorrow by 7ish if possible
Sorry for late night ping, not enjoying this any more than the rest of you are I’m sure
I sent Hong a DM asking him what he would've wanted from me to help him with the situation before he fullmuted, hopefully this is a good way to ask about his motivation to mute without me accusing him of being a jerk  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/01 午後 11:34] barisaxxy i'll let you know when he responds in admin logs
That seems like a smart and correct way to handle it
Thanks for doing that
No worries!
I was genuinely surpirsed he had fullmuted me I was intending to do anything disrespectful towards him as well as he didn't communicate with me at all (which is part of the problem)
My assumption is that he perceived me as being an admin enabling unacceptable behavior
but if I can clear up with him I didn't know this particular joke was against the rules at the time we had set I'm sure we can come to a mutual understanding  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/01 午後 11:36] jeandones This was my understanding also
My genuine accountability was that I didn't know that that joke was against the rules but I smacked down every joke beyond that so it is my personal belief that I didn't do anything against the rules. but just lmk whats up
Yeah I think we likely just need a better system to keep all of us up to date on stuff
Biweekly meeting or smth
mm yeah this is mostly on me
I think to resolve this issue regardless of personal guilt, we can at the very least hold a monthly check-in by reacting to a message of the most up to date rules, and message anyone in this admin channel who is not actively responding to said rules.  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/08/01 午後 11:47] jeandones Good suggestion
I like it
Re this: I think Teddy is actively avoiding conflicts here because A) that's just how he is and \B) he has been on the opposite side of accusations regarding competitive integrity and so probably knows that it can be extremely insulting to get those kinds of accusations when you are actively trying  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/08/02 午前 12:08] nomulus But awesome to see that you guys were able to discuss it
:D
@Dean should i still log the series
Yeah I think so
Can you send screenshots here first so I can take a peep
I can if Noam doesn't
I think we should b/c it’s late preseason and ppl need games to count, if we determine there’s inting we can adjust points as needed  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/02 午前 12:23] barisaxxy If this game doesn't count, it will heavily impact me so I will refrain from having an opinion.
Yeah that all evens out LOL
How tf you lose as rammus to Quinn 💀
I will say after hearing from parts of the other team that there was discussion of not trying very hard, it makes the good game 2 feel significantly worse
I was mid 🙂
Oh yeah that would completely explain it actually
we roleswapped when we saw roles
I will stand on my firm belief that Blake tried all 3 games
I think
Vernon
did not try his best
Rammus into Sylas is brutal yeah
He also did the correct thing of rotating to make plays and we got a decent amount of 2v1 kills on Sylas
I just kinda got all of them 💀
Forgot about it till now
Rip
nothing major but uhh
clearly at least not trying I think
I will log first and you log second?
then we flip a coin for last
just wait for me to say i'm done logging
Sure youll just have to give me a minute
doing smth
rn
that's aight
Bro flashed for a minion, a rift scuttler and another minion …
That’s 100% categorically soft inting
Because even if the argument is “blow one flash on nothing per game isn’t that bad”
There’s no explanation for it other than soft inting
Feels awful man
real.
Naafiri not in database yet yah?
asking cuz it doesn't autofill
first game logged
Oh
Yeah I can fix that tmrw  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/02 午前 12:41] nomulus @Olaf (Erik O.)
thanks babe
it's pinned btw in case anyone forgets in the future
should be set!  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/02 午前 12:41] nomulus all 3 are in
Cool

That's... Crazy
Arguably they would have managed the game 3 loss if I wasn't so bad at top
Yeah this is about as bad as I feared it might have been
This is several steps beyond joking
Woah what happened tn
I don’t really hold the nynb boys too much at fault if they are told this kind of stuff by the person that brought them into the server and no one tells them otherwise
Especially if the only way to talk about it is to snitch on your best friend in the server?
TLDR inting allegations proven
Among a couple other things
yeah its pretty damning
Yeah
Definitely would like to ask some questions to the other members of NYNB
To try to corroborate this
Let’s hold off on making any big moves until we can figure out what’s going on the best we can
Agreed

Idk if this changes anything, possibly intent, but from the source himself Vernon was "incredibly cooked" and "so high"

Maybe worse because we’ve already told him he needs to play mostly sober
We do need to ask quick tho would not be ideal if he turns this around on us

I'll stop w/ my negative points jokes too, I'm sure that can't be a good look
Holy mother of Jesus

Oh gotcha
I will watch when not on mobile

The vibes I’m getting from mikes response is that there’s something there but he doesn’t want to incriminate himself
But obv vibes are just vibes nothing conclusive
I mean blake's up right
so he could very well be telling them to not say anything
Yes but we can’t prove that
They all know each other irl
yeah but my point is like
probably doesn't count for much
The last message from Mike is what is interesting to me
The wording of it seems pretty intentional
I mean yeah
But it’s not like we have proof
Obviously I am hoping that nothing was going on last season, don’t want to make this a witch hunt like cam and Erik were saying, but just expressing what my feelings are
Agreed.
We’re kind of forced to just take things at face value
Yep
What Mike and Taxi said lines up in the sense that they did not do anything towards the beginning of the season
I'm writing up a brief retrospective it might be a little long but I would personally appreciate it if people took the time to read it
It's taking a while to type
Hey all, I want to have a brief personal retrospective on our conduct in the past 24 hours.  Firstly, I find it very odd that we are treating this as an individual-based problem (Vernon and Blake) rather than a systemic issue. I can personally attest to multiple admins making jokes to me personally about "my points being too high, and that I shouldn't carry so hard in my next games (paraphrased)". I fully understand that Blake has been doing this for far longer, and being a captain is problematic, but I personally find it rather odd that we are not trying to deal with it on a systematic level. I am not trying to create a witch hunt internally, rather demonstrate that we are clearly not all on the same page as to what the rules are, which is a failing on our end. In my personal perspective, it feels like vigilante justice to target the individuals rather than deal with it as a group.  Secondly, I think the way we talk about people causing infractions could be a little tamer and better. I think something that is contributing to my perception of vigilante justice is we are doing a lot of talk about what the punishment is before even really unilaterally agreeing on what the problem was. I understand that this is a private channel, but I do not think that it means we can't treat people, whom which most of us are friends with, with a baseline level of respect. This also contributes to my skewed perception of the situation.  Thirdly, and this is on a personal level so feel free to take this with a grain of salt, I find it odd how easily my personal perspective was discarded when initially talking about the situation. I was personally messaging my teammates (or attempting to in Hong's case) since before and after game 1, and was doing my due diligence to make sure everyone felt comfortable, including reprimanding people for saying something that shouldn't have been said. At the end of the day, regardless of the contextual hindsight of watching the match footage, Vernon and Blake were making team decisions, trying their best in champ select with moving around picks, and making map rotations and plays. I think determining inting is a very tricky and vague thing to do, and while the footage tells a story, communications also tells a perspective too. I'm not saying my perspective can't be wrong, but my perspective being so easily discarded contributes to my perspective of this being vigilante justice rather than trying to fix the problem of people not trying at a larger level.   In summation, I think we are all trying our best to do this out of our own hearts, but we cannot treat such nuanced topics with blanket coats of black and white, and with exceptions for our friends. Who was gonna talk about the nasty thing that Alana said in all chat game 1? If Rammus top and Nunu mid "isn't trying", how do we deal with the Meta Busters picks from last season? Do they get a pass and Blake doesn't? For the record, I don't think either or these are inherently inting, just trying to show my personal perspective on how I think we are talking about it. I think we need to have a conversation about us as a group being more informed about the rules collectively as that is the real root cause of the problem here. The main infraction I listed in the first paragraph (admins making the same joke that Blake is making, so i think it's okay when i'm in a lobby) would be cleared up if we just were all on the same page about what's okay and not okay, and I can personally do my job better, and don't have to mend relations with a teammate post-game.  Thank you for listening, I think you're all doing great and I appreciate you.
Sorry wrote coast instead of coats
Not to ignore the rest of it but what was the all chat thing mentioned?
Alana told me what she said
She said something about lynching? Im assuming Noam reprimanded her but unsure
Also said she got permission from Noam
ah i see
That seems pretty bad?
Noam feel free to defend yourself here
Yeah
Not great
Noam had said in all chat, "Please be nice and don't make my job harder. (paraphrased)" So I thought it was dealth with
Agree w everything else in Erik’s message
Okay do defend Alana slightly, I reached out to her immediately when I heard what happened. I can post our chat in the logs.
Noam is currently giving a sick presentation at work (good job Noam!)
In regards to draft stuff Rammus top and nunu mid were not at all part of why I felt they were inting
I am simply just trying to demonstrate a lack of consistency, nothing more
The clips that got sent were what I was going for
Yeah I gotchu
On the main point of things everything Erik says is right. I’ve been trying to consider more what taxi said then what happened last night  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/02 午後 01:51] jeandones I was just saying my concerns were about things were consistent, this might not be true for others? But I know for me I treat off meta strategies different from questionable plays
Yeah I mean I think the idea is we deal with the jokes/points stuff as a whole systematically
but for the blake issue specifically we have to take it more seriously because he's a captain
I fully agree with this, however, it is wrong to punish someone but not punish others
regardless of status
I do think status affects things here
I disagree to some extent but that's okay I understand where you're coming from
we give captains their own teams and hold them to a higher standard as a result kinda
I think there’s an argument to be made here that we throw out the match fixing thing due to no proof. But we still make a point about inting
Yeah I agree
agree w this
My discord is shitting the bed and I can't load admin-logs or my dm's with Alana
admin logs isnt loading for me either dw
has taxi responded with anythign to back up his story or not yet
but to explain, they did not understand the connotation behind the term "lynching" and profusely apologized when corrected. Also reprimanded for saying something like that in all-chat during a signup, even if to a friend.
I would distill my TLDR paragraph to, please don't talk about punishments before at the very least unilaterally agreeing on the issue caused, as well as we have collectively failed at being in sync with the rules at that is the primary problem, regardless of the incident with Blake and Vernon.  {Reactions} 🔥 (2) 👍 (3) nodders  [2023/08/02 午後 01:55] jeandones If someone can respond to the group that would be helpful
What should I say
And if we wanna screenshot it and send to admin logs that would be nice for those not in it
Uh
I’ll type something up
To Vernon something along the lines of it being specific plays throughout the series, not just one game he lost
You can int and win games
Hong played his heart out from what I’ve heard
To Blake I’ll leave that up to y’all he makes some decent points but I think pointing out results as proof that he didn’t do anything is a little sketch
Results based analysis is not ideal
I have an idea of what to say give me a sec  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/02 午後 01:58] camdotzip I think Blake makes some very good points
where's blake's point again
I think to Blake, a serious warning about the amount he talks about match-throwing is in order. Not sure what else, if anything else, needs to be done.
I agree but also think if you were trying to be subtle about it that’s exactly what you’d say to cover, and if what taxi is saying about the meta gaming is accurate he would be trying to be subtle
Again, who knows if taxi is being honest
logs
Yeah it’s looking like a serious warning for both of them and we discuss this in depth with Blake in his captain meeting
Should we up points by one or 2 like we did zach last season?
I also think we have to discuss being under the influence in games. It's something we have talked about in the past. It's important to disclose to team members if you choose to smoke/drink since you are not only impacting yourself but 9 other people.
yeah
I will corroborate that I still think in game they were trying their best from where I was sitting, but I also do not have the active micro anymore to tab in on people
I think for Vernon specifically pointing out that just flashing randomly in the middle of games makes other people feel disrespected
so i can only corrobate comms exclusively
WE UPPED ZACH'S POINTS??
Even if you’re not doing it to int it just feels awful
he had a travesty of a series so we upped him 1 to account for it
and my that i mean
a series where he obv wasnt trying
I think I'd like to think on this a bit.
There feels like a parallel to emote spam and flash disrespect. The only key difference being that you can mute one.
Uh
Like where would we sit on a situation where someone seems to be inting, but then kills you when your guard is down?
Key difference is pressing t doesn’t burn a 5 minute cooldown???
I mean
If you're okay with blowing flash, I don't really think it matters? You're telling them "I don't need this"
Right but there’s no risk involved in using an emote
This is a wild take cam
It’s not the same.
Not the exact same, I just see a parallel. They're both forms of disrespect
One affects gameplay the other doesn’t just factually
Yeah I get that, but the only person who is affected by you using flash is yourself
We could solve a lot of this by making ranked and unranked signups btw
Off topic but I just thought of it
And reducing the number of even games even lower?
It might feel kinda bad to hear someone say "I don't need summoner spells to beat you" but idk it doesn't make a difference if they just don't use them
Well I was hoping silly scrims would exist by now
But unfortunately no
Omg this reminds me that Mimo is back.
That would address this
All of this is to say that I think flash disrespect is a nothing burger. It might suck to hear but like, tough beats. They could have also just not used it but they chose to put themself at a disadvantage. It might be different if someone outright told you "I can beat you with a severe handicap" because then they're explicitly taunting you about it
Tie this into the stuff in the Blake thread though
Wait I don't understand Cam
Are you saying that blowing flash multiple times it not really a problem b/c it's just BM which is the same as flashing mastery or something (which we don't punish)?
Also soft inting to lose and soft inting to win not as hard as you could are basically the same thing
Which we should all be on the same page about
Or basically the same thing in terms of how they affect the system
If that’s an issue then might need to tweak the system
While I agree on some level, the area between "having fun in videogame" and "trying not as hard to win" feels very gray
I both agree and kinda disagree
I just feel like the “he went 2-2” argument is kinda boned because if he should have gone 4-0 and he went 2-2 that’s similar to if he should have gone 2-2 and went 0-4
Is going Aftershock on Trundle "not trying as hard to win" cuz I think it would be fun to do not trying?
Ah i see
Trying a different strategy to test it out is different than intentionally doing something to lower your quality of gameplay
Which is *really* hard to tell the difference on
Dean said that it feels disrespectful for Vernon to blow flash randomly, as in not using your flash properly or in smart situations.  I'm saying that it might be a little disrespectful, but the only person it punishes is the person who flashes.  A big difference between Mastery flashing--another form of BM--is that you forcefully handicap yourself for the next 5 minutes. Which again, only punishes the user.  To punish someone for using their flash in ways we don't see fit is unfair to me. For me to use my flash in ways that seem disrespectful would be the same as me not using flash at all. Because the end result of both is that I am left without flash in situations where it might otherwise be meaningful.  You can mute Mastery spam, which is good because it can be annoying, but you cannot mute someone flashing toward you on cooldown.  I think to get upset about someone wasting flash in lane is a big nothing burger, because the only meaning which can be taken from it is whatever meaning you choose to derive, unless they explicitly taunt you about it.
@Jacob something like that
Which is why this is the longest convo we’ve had obviously
Bot#8380 :(  {Reactions} Sadge  [2023/08/02 午後 02:17] redloheb_ I feel like it’s less about your pick and more about what you do with it
Like in the clip when Vernon walks into lane on 1hp and flashes to eat a minion as nunu
Instead of resetting
I’d agree with this is the flashes weren’t burnt at level 1 to cs a minion
Yeah
It’s not that him locking nunu was the problem it’s that he flashed into danger with no intent  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/02 午後 02:18] teslaplasmabolt I'd argue burning a flash could be seen as more disrespectful to your own team than the enemy team
as a side note
Still this only harms Vernon
The only thing I could see from this isn't disrespect, but based on the context it could be inting. Given that he was under the influence the line feels kinda gray.
I’m saying I think it’s *always* one or the other
Because it's not like Domonic who ran it down into the enemy nexus, blowing flash on cd or just because it was funny to
Either inting or bm
Not always in one category in particular
Regardless there’s no reason someone should be doing it
I think I agree with you, but I'd like to clarify that bm is an incredibly broad category, including instances where nobody sees it as such
That’s fair, flashing as you are ending the game is probably a good example of that  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/02 午後 02:21] jeandones But the point I was making is that the earlier in the game it happens the larger impact it will have on the game so those early flashes have more importance
arrow felt weird im just gonna thumbs up bc i agree
I think holding flash where it could be used to get a kill is similar to what you're saying, but we have very clear clips where flash was used to harm his gameplay which goes back to the whole point of very clearly and intentionally playing below your skill level which defeats the point of everything
This
I think it’s less about the 5 min cool down and more about the fact that he flashed into an enemy who would 100% kill him  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/02 午後 02:24] jeandones It all kinda comes down to this point, and arguing that inting only matters if you lose games seems to be their angle to get out of it, so we need to be very clear that that’s not the only situation where it’s problematic
You can even see him back off in the clip because he knows he’s low and should base
I'd also add that "holding" flash is practically impossible to call inting in any situation because flash is very valuable, so it can be argued in almost every case that it's justified.  As compared to the situation of using flash in a way that a player of his skill level (no matter how innebriated or "for fun") would never do for any reason that could possibly contribute to winning, which can much more concretely be labeled as inting

Firstly, I did not give permission to Alana. She said she wanted to tell them to lynch themselves but shouldn't because I have strong morals. I corrected her by saying it's not *my* morals that would cause her to get in trouble, but how everyone in the lobby feels about it.  As I was starting to tell her that me saying that is not me giving permission, she sent it and I asked everyone if they felt uncomfortable with what was said. It wasn't in any way meant to be seen as a sign of approval, but I definitely could have been more clear that it's not something she should say.
Secondly, regarding the flash issues: you might be correct that wasting your flash is a sign of BM, but I think it's disingenuous to imply that it only harms you. Flash advantages are extremely important in organized play and wasting your flash in place (let alone flashing in lane to kill a minion or flashing to steal a camp) can arguably be detrimental to your team.
Sorry I'm a bit late, I had to give a capstone presentation for my internship  {Reactions} deanpog  [2023/08/02 午後 02:42] jeandones Hope the prezzy went hard
It did, Noam did a great job
It wasn't my implication that you okay'd it, I figured you had dealt with it, I just wanted to point out an incongruity with how we were treating the game. I think you handled it well and I appreciate you <3  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/08/02 午後 02:48] barisaxxy Hope you smashed that shit bro
My response was more about Alana dming Cam that I ok'd it. Wanted to clarify that I do not encourage comments that to many people come across as racially charged
Appreciate the clarification and the support friendos
Also wanted to point out that I completely agree with Erik that we jump to discussing punishments before we 100% know what happened
And I want to acknowledge that I felt a sense of - idk if dread is the right word - something bad about wanting to suspend Blake for 2 seasons off of the statements we had last night. I'm not sure if it's not liking to do something that drastic to a friend, if I was worried that he would retaliate negatively in a public channel, or if it was completely because I felt it was unjust to discuss it without due process
Ok so overall - warning and +2 points for blake/vernon, light warning to mike, and better use of the @Spectators role, warning to teddy which was already given, and anything for alana?
I think Alana was handled  {Reactions} 👍 (3)  [2023/08/02 午後 03:06] camdotzip If anyone spoke out it'd be different but she has genuinely expressed her apologies.
And Noam tried to handle it during
Yeah I think we can consider her conversation with Cam a warning. She legitimately did not know is the impression I got
My bad about Spectators role tho, forgot we had it so I gave Adam green and purple
I'll be better w that
This was definitely on me, and i apologize for that one. I wrote that message only for the case that Taxi was correct and Blake responded to us by trying to drop the captain position and dissolve the team. Should have been WAY more clear about that, and I wasn't which was a failing on my part. Wanted a contingency in case that happened, and didn't want to have that message sent without eyes on it first.
At this point I still wasn't convinced of anything, but having written and sent that message probably indicated the opposite, which I didn't consider when I did it  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/02 午後 03:08] .jaspr I was hella tired (I missed my alarm today 💀) and that completely didn't register for me LOL
Fully appreciate how included the admins have been in major decisions, I think we can all agree that it feels like much more of a group effort to keep the server running properly. Which I def appreciate, I do think it would be really hard to draft a coherent message under pressure of Blake retaliating.  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/08/02 午後 03:08] nomulus Btw
Appreciate the clarification king
trying to do better about this, glad its being noticed :)  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/08/02 午後 03:12] nomulus "Hey @Players, we as admins collectively are aware that there are and can be misunderstandings regarding what is and isn't allowed. As the server has grown we have noticed that some rules that most established players knew about have become slightly changed as they are passed on to new players by word of mouth. We are working to create an official and in-depth document to make sure everything is clear and will be publishing it soon"
Lmk what to adapt
Perfect
I think it is also worth allowing players a chance to appeal what we decide in case they feel they are being misunderstood or misrepresented
So might be worth adding something along the lines of we're aware this can be extreme from your point of view and feel free to respond with any clarifications, and we will take them into account
Idk though
Gonna wait on more eyes before I send the announcement
Yes giving players a voice on decisions is great
We can't have a group DM for every situation but having some kind of protocol would be nice
this is in the rules yes
Okay cool
whenever we message a penalty we need to ask if they want a chance to discuss it
I guess in smaller situations they message scrim bot or an admin
yeah
thats the one rule that has existed from the beginning
and hasnt changed  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/02 午後 03:18] jeandones that and the ffing games that would lose you the series
i think LOL
ok ill wrap these all up
For mike: "We also wanted to give you a reminder about talking in team calls of teams you're not on, we want to be able to give people a chance to watch games they aren't playing, but distracting people playing the game isn't part of that. That said, this was our fault, as we incorrectly assigned roles to allow you to watch so we're not holding it against you just wanted to reiterate it." ?
I think that's good
ok and ill update the sheet
Not counting mikes thing as a warning bc it was our bad and probably not a big deal
unless you disagree @Noam
Nope I'm with you 100%. Maybe also tell him some of the responsibility is on me for not being more firm about it
I gotchu yeah

Is the website down?
no
OH
a little
pages still work but the entire top bar has dissapeared
ok its fine for me now
no idea what just happened
I think it's working for me again
dont use https
its gonna throw that because if you try to access the page with the secure protocol its gonna freak because we dont have it - but all that means is information you enter isnt necessarily protected
but youre not entering credit card info or anything so its not an actual risk
if scrims ever gets into the black ill buy the https upgrade
ah ok
i thought you were hosting north korean skillshot virus on scrimzone.co
Damn i wish

Looks like taxi was right
Btw
OOOF
I’ll figure out the plan tmrw :joesalute:
Hopefully this doesn’t mean Adam is out as well
But I fear it might
it may yeah
but we will see
what new captain does
uh oh
we may want to give some subs from rift sharks/metabusters the opportunity to become starters on the new team?
might be the move idk
I don't have anyone I can offer really
but we will see

Is this based on what Blake sent you or is there more?
Yeah he pretty much predicted this would happen
ohh okay I thought you meant someone else came forward to support the wintrading claims
Bot#8380 ok this one who is that also how about racism is on leona on it allowed like the message but idk what side  {Reactions} 💯  [2023/08/02 午後 09:38] .jaspr @Noam didn't zach say something about being willing to move to a different team as a starter?
or am I making that up?
yes

That could work
mike-zach-will could be a good foundation for a team
agreed
Should I ask Kathy if she still wants to #Kathy4Kaptain? Or do we give prio to nynb players
prob nynb prio (though the only one that matches the criteria is will probably)? but lets get dean's opinion

I think will
Is who I’d ask first
Will and Mike?
He filled in for valor a bit last season
Bot#8380 swain kindred buffs

Will is a good choice if he wants it
He does, and Mike doesn’t so I think we are going with that

Russ and Zach said they're down to start
so only need a sub (ash?) and we have a new nynb
Wait
We only need a sub, as long as ash is down to play
sup**
but yes need a sub too
Mimi or psycho would work
indeed

am i being drafted into war
if u want to be
youd be on zachs team

:0
avec whom
will mike russ zach and maybe ash?
lowkey banger team imo
half the russys

i play this season then
Huge

Ash cannot
The easiest solution would be moving psycho carrot to NYNB, all teams would work

games logged

Ily  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/08/04 午後 08:59] jeandones Did I ever make an announcement abt caesarius becoming captain?

Trying to find a template

We can plan on Russ-Mike-daev-will-mim starting roster with dom as a sub for NYNB
If that clears with everyone
it works, aren't they comparatively low points though
Unsure
Yeah a bit

Going to wrap up rules tmrw, and send here for y’all to review- @Noam can u send screenshots of those 2 areas we weren’t sure of in the scheduling section?
Want to have some input on those
And same for fall

Surely people will give their input…
First 2 images I have covered they just aren’t done yet
2nd 2 I need help w
I've been in Jersey w/ family, in the car back now
I won't be able to look at it until after work tomorrow, but I'll give feedback then

Things look good to me
is there anything that needs input to be completed or am I just checking over stuff
The highlighted sections are sections we want input or ideas on
i see
I think for now no point in listing 7+ teams stuff
bc it's something that can only happen between seasons I believe so we'll have time to update it
tiebreak at that point can just be game length I think

What if we do game length, but if the tie includes the teams directly above and below the elimination threshold they play a tie breaker
That’s way it’s still only ever 1 tie breaker but decreases the chances of a team being eliminated or getting into bracket based purely on time

yeah that works I think

I like that
Says "Scrim Season" instead of "Scrims Season" in those 2 places
what sre we at rn
45
oh almost down to 5
well if you count people who meet the criteria but said they wont play we are like
50-51
Uh noam wrote that I'm not sure
series makes more sense imo
series yeah
yea
Is there a reason why "captains" is not captitalized and "Admins" is?
lesser beings :(
ctrl-fed one of them but not both
can fix
I'd make this a hyperlink if possible
Should I also link scrims website pages or the discord or are those fine as-is
In "Game" section in the "Format" section, would it make sense to mention to order in lane-order, or is that not really important?
I'd lean towards doing it
I think thats in the procedures section
Im tempted to just merge the game format section into game procedures
Gotcha
i dont think they are significantly different
I haven't gotten there yet
But after scrolling down it looks very similar yeah
yeah lmk your thoughts when you get there
I don't know how big of an ask this is, but I think a table of contents with links to the sections would be really useful
Would make it a lot easier to skip to a certain part if you wanted to check a particular rule
The big section on how Fall vs Spring Seasons will run with different #s of teams would be much better suited as a table instead of a list
I am unsure of how to do that on pdfs
@Noam do you know?
fair
This is word 2013 so it might have changed ig?
Here i emailed u edit link
if you can add those that would be awesome i gtg drive rq
Bet  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/08/07 午後 05:11] .jaspr I'll do that after finishing reading it and then I gotta shower
I'm wondering if just having it as a google doc view link might be better? But the pdf feels nicer imo
Just keep putting feedback here I can change it when i get to it
Doc view allows for much easier edits
I can tell the person who wrote differente sections b/c of the use of periods at the end of sentences lol
It actually just depends on what mood I’m in
ayo
apparently there's an intert table of contents button in docs
That's crazy
I know there's ways of adding internal links but don't remember how off the top of my head
Does it link or just give page nums
It's also crazy storming here rn
Ideally we wouldn’t be editing it much if it all though
It links
Yo
No way
Ok let’s just do that then
I'll check if it works in pdf form rq
If you have the desire to fix the periods feel free that would be awesome
But no pressure lol
Bot#8380 prowlers
Still works in pdf
This shit is crazy man
Yeah that’s really cool
sure lmao
:deanpog:
yeahhh
no shower for me 😦
Periods have been eliminated
I can also add links if you'd like
Bless
Should I do links?
Sure
hmm links are weird
in terms of linking first instance of something vs all
You should be able to hyperlink by highlighting the section you want to link and hitting Ctrl+K
you mean for the table of contents?
Oh no lol idk how those work
oh ok
nah i just mean like
i linked to the website the first time when2meet was mentioned
but then it's also mentioned like 10 times right after which I didn't link
but for draftlol it's mentioned 2 times far apart so I put a link for both
and the discord is mentioned in a few places so idk if i should link all of those
Could also just have a list of links at the top
Tru

Do I need to put the rules anywhere other than #rules #announcements and the front page of the website?
printit out and mail it to every scrim member home
maybe welcome idk?
maybe just a message to real rules instead
we should make a rules sticker
like one that shows where to find the rules
in the vein of this
I like this idea
Ooh
Smart

games logged
how you do it in 19 second
actually done now

I think I'm gonna finally have a bit of time tonight, so I plan to work on roles, integration with ScrimBot, finalizing the MC server, and writing up stuff with Silly Scrims
Make up for my disappearance the last month :3

I mean they are supposed to be the Saturday before clashes so if anything I just forgot a couple
This week is just super dead in general
Would feel less bad that this one didn’t run if we ran them more often
Also I’m gonna look into the community server settings for roles
It feels a lot better to use than a reaction bot

How do we wanna log games lol
how do we split it up

nvm erik and I are getting them done

Games logged
huge
Yuge
:O I have a blue name now!
Let’s go

Damn you guys are troopers
Did you do it round by round?
Bot#8380 im joking
I'm not
In order yes
i have not the faintest clue which channel this is
general
works now?
yeah
what happened
trying to get onboarding set up
and it auto applied some perms
did not realize it would do that
i've been BANNED from SCRIMZONE for going 0/2 in BRACKET
can you guys see announcements or did it disappear for everyone
i can see
I removed my players role
amazing
What if they can't use suggestions
Maybe also say they can dm scrimbot?
heard
For announcements: @Players @Events @Updates and @ everyone are what we should use for pings, obviously the last one sparingly
If we are looking to recruit for signups ping @Gamers first

Okay I went through the Discord-integrated roles
The roles themselves seem fine. Formatting for introduction to players seems fine. Only thing I'm a bit hesitant on is hiding text channels unless a user enables them?
Not a bad idea but in practice you just get lower traffic, and that's if people even recognize they can no longer view them
It’s only overlords and season discussion
No no
there's a second tab
That exists regardless tho
I had to re-enable pet pics, draftlinks, signups, and more
HUH?
Yeah that’s a stock feature on every server
Even non community
why the fuck was stuff disable for me? There was like nothing enable and everything was grouped into "Recommended channels"
that's weird, something changed I do not know what / when because it was not always like this and i only noticed when i opened the tab
I honestly am not sure but it shouldn’t happen by default
Since enabling the server guide and roles channels, I have a "suggested" channels list at the top
which has overtaken the text channels folder
If you click on channels/roles you can just select what you see or not
yeah, got it figured out now, just wondering if it happened for anyone else
It’s also a lot harder to figure out as admins b/c we see about 4x the channels lmao
unfortunately true
I’ll log onto the scrimzone acct and see what it looks like there
Do we want to have a poll at the beginning of every week for players to vote on days they'd like Silly Scrims to happen? Or should we devote a day each week to being a Silly Scrim as opposed to a traditional signup?
I think there’s a bug
An issue being that most people can participate in Silly Scrims on Friday/Sat/Sun but those are also the most common days for regular signups
I said alternate Monday/Tuesday/Wednesday in the announcement- I think having it during the days season games are being played most often is something we should avoid
And in off-season it can just rotate across all 7 days
Having a majority decision will mean it always sucks for the minority
Well, if they're on Mon/Tues/Wed during the season, they'll never fire regardless
Where-as if we have a week where no games happen to fall on a Saturday, there's a chance one fires. And if a season game falls on that saturday it just doesnt fire anyway (or does, in the background)
You could say that about any day during the season tho?
no?
people like
work m-f
and dont want to drink
before a workday
You don’t have to drink?
It’s just alt game modes
I think having it be centered around drinking is highkey Fucked anyway
probably not best to encourage yeah
You're right, you don't have to drink, but I worry about creating a bigger disparity between the people who are and who aren't
How so
which placing it on a day where people wouldn't normally anyway does, no?
if u put it on a monday, and there are 6 people who would drink, maybe only 1-2 of them are able to do to a work schedule, being a student, or other circumstances
not to say that it should be an alcohol-centric event, but drinking *is* allowed and it kind of encouraged, no?
i dont think silly scrims even needs to be advertised as drinking
if you want to
go for it
Right but planning the timing of the event based on what day allows the most alcohol to be consumed is wild
I don't think it's encouraged
just if you want to drink and scrim play silly scrim
Picking days where team format games won’t run is optimal b/c team format players can sign up without worrying about causing conflicts
heard
If we are having an event where people are expected to get so Fucked up that they can’t work the next morning I have different concerns
that's a bit of an extreme
Would be drinking enough that it’s hard to get to work*?
should we include something about disclosing to your team if youve been drinking/are under the influence of something or is it just common sense to tell them
I think that's already been said, no Mim?
possibly? my brain is all kinds of wackadoodle atm
For what?
We had to talk to someone about it, and I assume an announcement was made about disclosing to your team during normal signups about intoxication
for silly scrims i mean
like telling ur team during silly scrims if u have been drinking
i domt think im making alot of sense rn
I believe that was bc of competitive integrity
which isnt really necessary in silly scrims
i think?
Yeah I think it doesn’t matter
okay kewl
The game modes are unserious anyway
ye
In the rules but not specifically mentioned in the announcement
just wanted to check if there was somethin abt that
I think it was not the main problem at hand concerning that situation
so
regarding silly scirms
if drinking game graphics are created for gamemodes
what's the consensus on posting those and saying "you *could* play these the possibilities are endless"
Personally I think that falls under encouraging drinking which I'm not sure is a great idea to be doing as a server, but thats just my opinion
i think the only way to not encourage drinking is to remove all mention of it, but not strictly disallow it
so i guess i am confused where the needle points right now
not really
it's perfectly fine
and we can mention it's allowed without encouraging it
alright, so the stance is to simply lift the thumb and make that known
forgive the constant questions, just learned i had different expectations of silly scrims
trying to get onto the page of the collective
that's just my suggeestion I'm open to hear everyone elses
I mean I just said "Consume substances responsibly :)" at the end of the announcement
i think that conveys it pretty well no?  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/13 午後 08:58] jeandones Im not going to allow this
our average age is under 21
seems incredibly irresponsible
yea i think ur wording at the end of the announcement is kinda all we need?
Yeah i think its an iykyk type of thing
ye def
like ppl who have been in the server know silly scrims means you can drink but theres no need to encouragement and theres responsibility on us to ensure its done responsibly
yeah
i think also drinking games + league = bad time

ok yes i see what the issue is ill fix it rn
ok this should be good, I'm going to keep it the way it is for now, just because a lot of the channels have died as we add new ones and I wanna test if people are only in the ones they are interested in if they are more active in those
having *too many* channels is definitely and issue and with like 10/11 we are in that range imo
Bot#8380 id do you seen an’t had fun
ok it was for 2 months LMAO and then they made it only community
discord clearly doesnt know what they are doing either
my bad cam
I can't see general chat anymore lol
refill out the channels and roles it should fix it
cool got it
weird
yeah idk why it hides stuff for current members
dumb functionality

Are there players who cannot se general? Are there any players who cannot see announcements and general?
Like, if this creates friction or anyone I'm tempted to ask to backpedal unless we can display certain channels with full certainty
Everyone can see announcements
Yeah just confirmed nothing changes unless you mess with the channels & roles
And if you do that and it breaks you can just do it again and fix it
To clarify confirmed with people in the server
If someone messes with it and loses a channel they cared about  I’m sure they will ask what happened
And if they lose a channel they didn’t care about it’s working as intended

What I can do if you want to be 100% sure is make a separate required question that forces you to have access to announcements and general and reboot the whole thing
But I don’t think it’s necessary

Nah prolly fine

we can't see welcome btw
oh nvm is it just a thread now?

It’s a resource channel
Same as rules HOF and links

It’s easier for new players to find b/c they have specific tasks they need to complete when they join and one of them requires going to the welcome channel
how would I get a list of the active members
go to stats page
copy everything into a spreadsheet
and just grab the names column
ty

can't find spectator role
Towards the bottom
OHH THERE"S A SCROLLBAR

Ctrl shift r
Private browser
why it do that
hm it works in incognito but not ctrl shift R

I don’t have enough control over the server settings to force it to flush cache
So it just gets stuck
I’ve tried to figure it out before but it’s a pain
It’s gotten worse recently I think though so I’ll look again

wrong channel?
kekw
Rip
Yes!
dammit noam u beat me to it
How did that even happen
copy paste button go brr
i was gonna paste it
my arm and back hurt so bad
tdap booster sucks
oh rip
whatcha have to get it for?
been 10 years since i got it
ahh

@Admins let’s do an end of summer meeting next week to go over what we got done/need to over the next season.
Thinking Thursday (not tomorrow) at 8?  {Reactions} 👍 (4)  [2023/08/16 午後 07:10] nomulus the 24th?
Yeah
I will try but I am either moving in that afternoon or the day before
Thanks
we will see
Oh
Nvm
We need u there king
28th?
Same time
I mean even if I won't be completely done unpacking I'll still be free then
Oh ok
Nvm then
just might not be on my pc yknow
Slap a thumbs :)
Yeye

can't do :(
Smodge
What time(s) work?

8pm
We are going to schedule it and then there will be scrims!
It always happens!
Fine….
admins don't sign up challenge
or delay scrim 20 minutes
(literally impossible)

@Noam penalty for mason?
what did they do
delayed game but garrett was also late
And here I was thinking he said a slur ||again||
ngl so did i
Joke being any scrim starts on time ever

how late was it
I think the rule is if they cause the scrim to be significantly late they get punished
usually noshow/late people don't get punished because there's an 11th or something\

I'll log the games :smodge:
What is silly scrim options?
Garrett let us know he would be late-ish cuz he was coming back from work
We did teams and everything without him
He got on at 8:20ish but Mason started a LOR game that ended at 8:35ish
can't you FF runeterra
at any time
That is the reason we were debating a warning
I think 8:35PM is pretty warningable
Though I'd like ot hear other opinions
I agree 8:35 is pretty egregious regardless if whether the shorter game was started because ppl were waiting
you can just like
watch a YT video if youre bored or something

Xd
All the ones on the website
oh right I forgot about the link
Wait did you send a message or am I seeing things
I deleted it cuz you sent basically the thing in signups :smodge:
Yeah
Can u unroles
working on it lol
Tyty
Appreciate it
I would sign up for NPE except our game is then smodge
Jk we 2-0 fast enough to play
okay I think I got them
real?
To be clear we did not enter the games right?
Stanley was joking yes?
I hope so
I did not enter them
no I did not enter the games
God bless

@Cam @Olaf (Erik O.) @Jonah Thursday at 8pm work for y’all?  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/08/20 午後 03:17] barisaxxy For admin meeting?

Yes

Sure I might not be able to speak idk if I’ll have my stuff up but I can definitely be there and VC chat

Ok

Cylako and Jackson starting is a valid lineup
But not gonna list them as starting b/c  they are both busy
You told me we had to have scenarios where we only subbed in one person D:
Went over this in admin chat, Captain chat and dms with valor
pooza is 0 points??
got it
oh okay i misinterpreted that message mb

Jacob is -2
Huh
Lol

No stream for the match tonight?

you guys don't read istg
this was before the discussion in general nvm
@Jonah you gonna be there for the meeting?
Uhh I should be
Can you react to Dean's message w/ thumbs up?

@Admins remember not to enter games on the website before they are casted
ok
Oh btw I’m not getting caster pings. I don’t have the caster role anymore
You can give it to yourself if you want it
For some reason I didn’t think about that
Lol

good call would've forgot

Bad news: I started implementing Seo stuff and our site has moved down on the search results (I do not have a degree in seo I am doing it wrong)

interesting idea
it is
I fixed it
very possible to get voice comms on stream during the game
if players consent to it
How
in the same way LCS will be like "let's hear was TL is saying" and then share comms for a play or something
No like
How would we do it
i have a raw idea, let me think about how to do it efficiently
because it would be the responsibility of whoever is controlling the spectator view
Aren’t they  3 mins back tho?
yes and i think there is a way to mitigate that
thats the difficult part
i believe there is a way to stutter audio input through a virtual cable
and if we can like, run 2 incognito discord windows with 2 spectator accounts, the spectator can un-deafen to hear the comms of a team. difficult part is stuttering audio by 3 minutes
one possibility is actually using bots to record audio, and when requested it plays the recording 3 minutes prior
but that's a problem bc u can't record and playback at the same time
so
this is the part i think about :)
This seems like way too much effort
When we can barely get people to stream as is
using 2 bots remedies that
better wording
Still I would think we should incentivize getting ppl to stream before making it more complex
valid concern
i have a hypothesis that if it becomes interesting, people might be more interested. that or if i put enough effort into implementing these systems i'd cast more often
where's the sub notif? or did it show
showed
I’m unsure if we want them up in general b/c it will show in the vods

I log games after season
Series
**

every time i see scrim zone speak I think scrim bot somehow gained the ability to make coherent sentences
Same I was really confused when dean counted down for stream going live and scrimbot interjected

are we doing another worlds meetup?
i really hope so

I think it is planned yes
Well
Not planned but we are planning on doing it
We'll talk about it tomorrow

Oh I forgor (💀) admin meeting tomorrow
I remember now

I thought it was tonight for a sec and was gonna have to cancel (I am about to drive back home from college to get more things)

i have a really bad headache but ill join to listen

kk
I'll be a few
Minitues
@Jonah @Stanley
join NOW !!!

with my schedule this semester i have alot more free time than expected so i can step up in terms of server moderation
I'm usually pretty okay in terms of time and I think it's reasonable to expect me to be as active as I have been  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/24 午後 08:27] .jaspr I'll likely be able to be more active, but we'll have to see how time consuming grad school research is
me

can someone send me a few different screenshots of posot games
of scrims
results channel
#results
What day(s) times are best for people? I know stanley can only do after 8 but thats when signups start which is a bit sketch, @Stanley is that limitation still present on weekends? Bc if not we could do like 7:30 sat/sun?
@Admins ^
Other thing about #admin-updates is we need to make sure to update them at least weekly or else i think they hide, so even if its not something we are current working on just say like "on hold" so it stays up
and can @Cam @Stanley @Jonah one of you make an item for scrims minecraft
weekends do not have that limitation
also with school starting mon/thurs will have to be like 9:15 or later
ok
lets do 7:30 saturdays then
(incl this one)
That should generally work for me
7:30s Saturdays sounds decent to me but I cannot attend this Saturday  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/24 午後 09:21] ktnpwincess i can do this saturday

that should generally work for me
buh
?
ctrl shift r?
working for me
i did
still bronke?
ill try incognito
hm works there
very strange
:fizzshrug:
server functionality behind my comprehension
hm
i did https
and it worked
thats the same as doing incog
ah
back to working on logging tool for me

Hey Dean, would it be possible to specify the date of the Monday that the captain when2meets are due?  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/26 午前 01:02] nomulus thanks king

Are non subs allowed to signup? Trying to make an announcement for the sub signup but don't want to lie on main

Yeah let’s open it up b/c it’s day of  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/26 午前 10:04] jeandones Prio goes to people who aren’t on teams at all
That’s what I was gonna suggest
And if subs sign up they get priod back on top

Should we adjust j4kes points before the series tn? He went from silver 4 to plat 3 since he last played here 2 seasons ago and performed very well in his 2 games back into the server
i mean
What do u mean
idk
adjust how
manually?
Yes
lol
how
i wouldnt
do u determine
what he's worth
if hes much better now his points will naturally shift
thats the point of the system
Like halfway between current points and plat 3 points
True but not by that much that fast
Point of the system is to adjust for people who play consistently
i mean
Doesn’t account for people who don’t play for an entire year
elo inflation
to be fair idk
yeah but you could end up shifting him to over value him
so
That’s why I said halfway
I’ve updated what each rank is worth
To account for that
how were those point values determined?
#of rank divisions above iron 4 + 3 and now its # of rank divisions above iron 4 + 1
So diamond is shifted up 2, plat and below is shifted down 2, and emerald fits in the gap
sorry i shoulda been more clear
are you sure the values which you have given the ranks are accurate, and how were they determined
it feels arbitrary
unless it is not
I mean they are close enough to accurate that players calibrate quickly
Rank is not 1:1 to scrim skill so nothing would be perfect
It is an attempt to convert Elo to scrim skill
It is consistent which makes it not arbitrary
I also wouldn’t be saying this if his kda since rejoining the server wasn’t 26/5/22
Previously he was 14% wr and averaging 4/6/6
I agree that it self adjusts but making a more accurate guess at his skill won’t stop it from self adjusting and I think it’s fair to say the old rating is not accurate anymore
what would the points jump be
Idk id have to get on computer
Will do in a bit grabbing a shower rn
I
I'd say put him up some points
points do naturally fix but
when it's that big of a jump
it would take like 10+ games to fix at minimum
Assuming it’s only like 5-7 points yeah
I fear it may be much larger
true
it's a tremendous improvment skillwise
while not playing any scrims
so it's not reflected
But if we just move him towards the middle it lowers the amount of expected games it will take to equal him out
Takes it from a range of like 0-20 games to a range of like 0-10
yeah
we;re not trying to pinpoint adjest
just get him in a good range
Especially b/c he will be sub eligible after this game it’s quite sketchy
exactly
We should discuss in meeting today :0
:0
Just general rules for people who haven’t played at all last season  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/26 午後 03:00] ktnpwincess i will not vom again and be at the meeting inshallah
:prayge:

currently hes 6, if he joined the server today he would be 18
so if we do what i proposed he would be bumped 6 points to 12
that sounds reasonable
@Admins we good on bumping to 12?  {Reactions} 👍 (5)  [2023/08/26 午後 07:18] jeandones Let’s do 7:40 since we just had a meeting

And I wanna swim

im logging games
awesome ty
is it an issue
he was like
Shit sorry about missing the meeting
nw
humming to himself
and not paying attention
but I was probably worse tbh b/c i was turbo unhinged game 2
I've been busy moving in I'll be more on top of it by next week
I wouldn't say anything past the beginning was a problem
but the beginning was bad
Ik its an easy mistake to make but lets make sure people with similar names are getting entered as the right person, both of these should have been dominic.
@Admins reasonable to require starter game criteria (8 games) for any player who did not play last season regardless of it they are sub/starter?  {Reactions} LuxThumbsUp (2) 👍 (2)  [2023/08/26 午後 10:27] jeandones Everyone who that would affect besides Dominic/Russ/Mimi (emergency roster moves for NYNB) had played the 8 games
logger tool will fix this

I mean if it parses names incorrectly it could still be a problem
It’s important to verify that everything matches regardless

Is there a reason for this?
Better point calibration
Re: the other stuff we talked abt earlier

we can test it but so far I believe it has not messed up one username->scrimname
Right but it can’t hurt to emphasize that it’s important to double check it just in case
Don’t want to be over reliant on any system
(Even if it’s a good one :))

Ye that's why we test
Right but it is still important to double check it even if we have tested 10^100 times and it has worked every time
Oh I'm not saying don't double check
I mean tlike
It will help reduce the specific error
Yeah
Did we have a meeting 😭
Yeah

makes sense to me then yeah
no youre right
shes just mad they lost ™️
too much tilt ig
I believe it's
they don't send pro top laners mid on a mid champ because they're jsut worse at it
which is why it rarely happens?
i think
i know for a fact ive seen caps in top lane
lol
yeah no like
people are so used to other inhouse servers
like
theres no argument here lmao
its
"its not what im used to so i dont like it"
im just like
uhhhhhh
Do other inhouses ban it?
thats what they are saying
the other ones im in dont
"Other ones im in" wild you're cheating on us
teddy told me hed make a scrim zone team
(he lied)
i realy just wanted to see if there was anything i could improve
this other server is much worse tho so no
hm okay
also mvp did this last season too
like
this is such a cringe ass argument
lmao
it feels like it's a situation where iya felt draft was unfair, and that this will all die down
it's made purely of passion  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/08/27 午後 10:59] camdotzip i just think that people have a tendency to send messages before they read them so discord arguments explode for no reason
called discord for a reason lmao  {Reactions} ‼️  [2023/08/27 午後 11:00] camdotzip you're so fire for that one
LMAO
yikes i am now removing myself from season-discussion entirely
gn !
I don't even see what argument you could make as to draft being "unfair"
they dont like it therefore unfair
MVP has the ability to send Iya supp, Liz mid, and Heroic jungle
And they would arguably be just as good
im surprised they havent!
if not better
Like the argument is completely baseless
One might even say anti-based
we can do it, but don't, therefore its unfair to us
idk I'm not gonna send this in season discussion cuz don't want to stir the pot but they are literally just mad ™️

Stealing this from metabusters chat
I swear last season metabusters had stronger mental after 9 straight series losses than MVP does
true
the crazy thing is they literally have cylako he's just work diffed
true
1 week ban methinks
Would like input
uh
lemme think
Agreed, plenty of warnings before now
yeah some kinda punishment at least. it's a server with randoms not just our friends
he's been warned before right?
genuine question
had he said "get candy" would there be punishment
umm
god
that message was important so
okay seems like we agree noam
yah lol
fucking 1984
Probably tell him not to but
Not immediately
So 1 week?  {Reactions} 👍 (3)  [2023/08/27 午後 11:44] jeandones @Stanley @Cam @Noam ?
To me that maybe seems a bit on the harsher side (though not unfair), if he has been warned specifically about doing stuff like this though I think it's fair
i unsure if he has
Community server gap Sadge
I’ll just send a warning
I’m unsure
Scrim Zone takes use of offensive language very seriously, please consider this warning to not send any more offensive content, future use of such language will result in a chat and game ban.  {Reactions} 👍 (3)  [2023/08/27 午後 11:54] jeandones That work?
Pinned a message.

Guys the tool is so good
Stanley stays winning
Dean
What
Whats the logistics on running like, banner ads on the website?
Why
Idk help you offset some costs
Ew
Since you front a lot of money for this
I’d rather lose money than have ads on the scrims website
I do not blame you
Was jw
This is my answer
But it’s probably doable but if we were going for full profit all the ads would just be porn
So I’d have to get a more selective ad server, which would net less money
But then there’s still ads on the site which would make me sad
I’ll look into it to, only having them on certain pages might not be that bad but I don’t think they’d make that much money

I am setting up an analytics tool, if it looks like we are getting enough traffic that its worth it i will consider
Okay 👍
Bot#8380 gp
Also good insight on the ads stuff, all makes sense
i should have set up analytics a while ago
bit of an oops moment
kinda just thought it existed by default didnt realize i needed to add a script in the header

if theres a none ban
make sure to type none
and not leave it blank  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/03 午後 03:35] nomulus Dean my team pulled you some signuppers

One of them is new tho
i saw i appreciate :)  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/03 午後 03:38] jeandones he typed his op wrong tho
can u get it from garrett

Thoughts on posting an announcement the day of matches to try to increase awareness
I have been doing this just forgot last week
I can post for tonight if you want
Sure
Ping updates
Other part of it was I was pinging who was casting but
Yeah
No one wants to cast
I was gonna say
We don’t have casters
I can if someone takes my spot in signups
Dean, Garrett is saying Jayke can't sign up
For me he shows up in the dropdown on signups but not in the player tab
Oh
He’s signed up them
Then
and if he clicks signup on the page nothing happened
He’s just not refreshed for some reason
OH
It’s b/c his op is wrong
Can you fix it in the database
yeah
done
Ok it should just update if you visit any page
But if you wanna be sure just update him on the players page
i ctrl shift r'd on the signup and he showed up
Bet
Can u remove me from tn so I can cast
sure
Should I make the announcement
Yeah
U can just say looking for a co caster still or smth

jonah are you signing up?
oh nvm i misread
would avoid tm

ok

games logged

games logged in like 2 mins
do not use game logger tool for now
BIG BUG
what is it
i dmed u
it says blue team wins every game no matter what
we didnt notice bc blue team won 10 out of the last 12 games
LOL
Ok fixed the affected games, and no players in the signups last night would have been affected so there was no real damage
:prayge:

i got the games  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/06 午後 09:58] camdotzip If anybody has a moment, it looks like Arnye has been chilling in Lobby occasionally looking to play games. Not sure how to advertise this to non-admins without alerting all players.

Maybe a role for people that might be willing to play with new players? Not sure. Just throwing ideas.

I’d just tell him about @ gamers
I feel like the difference between people wanting to get pinged for norms with established players and newer players to the server (he is not new to league) is basically 0
You should I should DM him or ?
If u want
idk feels weird to do that, and idk where else to really reach out
he doesn't have #lf-group turned on i dont think
nevermind he is invisible

maybe next time you see it let him know about #lf-group

where's the admin to-do stuff
am i blind im trying to add a forum
i found it :)

ill get games
got the first one
not the other yet

Is there a day for any other admin sometime this week where we could advertise a signup
Rex and Arnye both need to get games in and I'd be willing to push a signup

Why do they need games?
Rex is done his games no?

Oh, last I checked Rex didn't have them done but could be my b
Arnye said he wants to become eligible to play on a team, and I said I'd check about pushing a signup
Oh I got names mixed up
Was thinking it was stav for some reason
Uh I’m really busy for the next week
Tmrw is possible but I don’t really want to play unless I’m needed

@Dean is accessing general still pay-walled behind u adding them to the website
for whomst are you asking
Luci because I don't see them on the website yet
so i was curious as a general question
just so i don't say something wrong
ah
No
I’ve just been giving them an “unregistered” role
👍

@Admins same thing as before with J4ke, Arnye was added to the server in season 4, and at the time was bronze - he's now gold 2 as of when he played his first game(s) this season.
should be a bump of 4 points if we handle it the same way
Change his points to whatever
which I think we should do for consistency
👍
He did play a series first which kicked his kda to the stratosphere so if you want his team points to be locked after 8 games I think that's reasonable
I don't care
Whatever you think is fairest
lets go with this  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/13 午後 01:23] teslaplasmabolt Ok
I want to get a firm rule on this written by end of season to implement for the future, along with the new season lengths (thanks rito)
But basically have all the info from admins from that last meeting so we should be good

@Dean didnt blake have 4 randoms join, play their signups, and make his own team? What's the difference between that and the new guy?
Blake was already an established part of the server
And all of NYNB 1.0 played enough signups to be eligible to join a team, Blake just "happened" to pick them all up
Whereas new guy joined in the middle of the season and hasn't played signups (presumably neither have their friends)
Okay heard, makes sense

He was made a captain before that happened also

i have the permission on other channels
same
just not in gen
try now?>
nop
try now?
Bot#8380 surely i did do much prefer 810 yes
i can report it lol
works now
wtf
fixed
which channels *can* you delete
channels can we delete messages in? or complete channels?
first
although i would prefer you to not be able to delete channels
I can in all of the ones I checked except for signups and results
but signups is all scrimbot and results is all you
oh
was gonna say you should be able to for announcements
weird
yah announcements is fine that was a typo
just ping me if that happens again

Someone else get them
tm
Casting and playing is too much im not doing games also
@Noam u do g1 i'll do g2?
sure
okay lmk when you are done
do i use the tool
or does it still not work for red side
no...
i dont think you do
ok
it works
ok i will download
@Dean red side too?
yes
huge
@Noam where's the download?
pinned
pinned
thanks
Game 1 logged
Logger tool is wild good job Stan
Ty :)
the music
is
!!!
took me by surprise even tho dean mentioned it
logged
I will say like everyone on the team was immediately like
thats not cool
but we are also biased so
would like some outside input
i know i would be tilted by it and it is also against the rules

Started a thread.
Also want to talk about side select and links

quick @Admins question.  if i see a player join thru the members tab, and they do not yet have the "unregistered" role, should i assign it or is dealing with new members still a dean thing
Dean is on the road
Idk the official answer but given I do not know what else we would do I think unregistered is fine for now
unregistered it is
we can fix it later if thats
not correct
yessir
should i do a welcome message in general?
uhh
just a simple Welcome @!
i think that works yeah
if there is egg on my face so be it

Both of those things things seem very helpful Cam. Thank you.
I honestly just thought I was the only one who could see the members tab . No one else has talked about it.
text to speech moment?
also @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) CAN YOU DO ME A FAVOR AND CHANGE THE TWITCH TITLE THANKS <3333
NEVERMIND ITS ALREADY SETUP!!!!
I don't think twitch mods can
or at least
I have never been able to figure out how
regardless it says mtb v m31 season 6 so
we're gonna roll with it
big
Yeah I did it
Owned
ty liberal
At like 6

MB IM AT ANS

Games logged
Noticed that the tool pretty consistently reads 5 assists as 85
Occasionally reads 4 deaths as 41 as well
But other than that literally took me 3 minutes to log both
@Admins have not seen any answers to either one of the threads
They've been up for almost 24 hours and I have only had acknowledgement on the Mason one from the admins on the teams that were involved
I would prefer if someone other than the interested parties answers in the Mason thread
Yessir I agree
So no Noam, no Jacob, no me, no Dean, maybe no Cam? Idk if you were around Cam
i was around-ish but i still have a conflict of interest
Obv the ppl involved are not the issue
what did mason actually do
But this also isn’t the first or second or third time this has happened in general
It’s in scrim bot dms
That’s like
The point of that channel
i read it
but like
what does huh even mean
I’m gonna let someone else explain this one
I’m not sure what there is to explain but
An face checked
Died
Mason typed "huh" in all chat
thank you noam
Obvious BM and he knows better
That is all
We gave him an in-team suspension
He apologized to An and I think(?) spoke to Dean
i mean if you had him sit out a game already then i dont really think we need anything else
He did not speak to me
And he wasn’t officially told to sit out he was joking about that
i mean
noam is an admin
The point is we were asking for nonbiased admins to provide input on what a consequence could be
noam is allowed to talk to him about it
I ended up giving him one I would argue is heavier than would probably have been given otherwise
then thats all we need
Bc we had back2back series
tbh
sounds to me like you handled things just fine by yourself
doesnt need to be a massive discussion
Just putting this here for posterity
Noam: ```I think given we are on his team a) the decision should not come from us```
Dean: ```I will say like everyone on the team was immediately like thats not cool but we are also biased so would like some outside input```
Yeah I think its fine as is
i mean like everything that should have happened already happened. mason gave an apology and recieved some form of punishment
so yes its fair

My take on this is I think the correct thing was done but it should be done in the correct way and like
Officially
Like “oh I guess he didn’t play” is different than an official “you have received a 1 week game suspension” message from an admin
I agree that it’s correct for Noam to talk to him and tell him it’s not cool but that can happen in conjunction with the official action
Like this will need to go on the spreadsheet and be logged in admin-logs. Just because a player who does something is on an admins team doesn’t allow special treatment
There’s a difference between the right thing happening and the right thing happening in the correct way. Want to give Noam props for handling it well considering the lack of input he received but I think this is a bit of a failure overall, as now we are going to have to send a message to mason way after the fact informing him of a penalty that he already went through.
I think it is less of a failure and more of a formality
But everything sounds good to me 👍

Recently it has appeared to both Dean and I that reports sent to scrimbot have been left unaddressed for 48-72 hours. We know that being admins is not the highest priority and that's okay, but when a report is made and the first sentiment is "let's get a majority opinion on this", then a majority of the admins don't respond, it kind of defeats the point of our current system. Obviously, your IRL responsibilities come first, but checking the admin channel and its associated channels once a day is not unrealistic, unless you are on vacation etc. We have a responsibility to keep this server a safe and fun environment, and addressing toxicity reports should be our top priority
`"when a report is made and the first sentiment is "let's get a majority opinion on this", then a majority of the admins don't respond, it kind of defeats the point of our current system"` This is the main thing to me, I can think of a few different ways of dealing with it: 1) Change the system such that we have a more rigid issue -> punishment table. This would allow a much smaller group of admins to make quick and effective decisions 2) Separate some admins as true "moderation" admins who react quickly and provide good input 3) Reduce the pool of admins until the remaining majority will react quickly

Those seem like solid possible solutions
I think 1. personally is a bit tough b/c it’s something we’ve tried a lot and gotten nowhere with
2 seems best if it will work, with 3 as a last resort.
In conversations like this do want to point out that the goal is getting admin stuff to run smoothly, I think all of you have really valuable opinions and appreciate all of you on a personal level, so stuff like this is not an attack on anyone’s character or anything, just trying to make sure things are being addressed appropriately  {Reactions} ⬆️ (3)  [2023/09/15 午前 10:42] nomulus Yeah I definitely don't want any of you thinking either of us is personally angry at you ❤️
yeah mb i havent been in here as frequently as i should have been but i agree with noam’s idea of having a documented in team suspension
@Jacob @Noam if you wanna get a meeting set up for this I think it could be a good discussion to have - want to be able to have a proper convo about it. Was thinking an admin updates forum is possible but not sure that’s a proper use for that channel
Wait are those supposed to all be am
I fixed it

@Cam @Olaf (Erik O.) @Jonah @Stanley @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) ^^^^^  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/09/16 午後 11:18] .jaspr Still need to hear from @Stanley and @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) but it looks like Wednesday (9/20) at 10pm is the only time that works for everyone that has already filled it out

I believe that time works for me

that works for me too

So what happens with the roster tool incident?
Uh if there was a roster change that wasn’t communicated that’s like
Blatantly against the rules
Yeah that's the assumption here I think
watching draft it seems that way
Would allow for a redraft/remake of the game I would say
Bot#8380 my ping is cracked
Or just a ff from the offending team
@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) were you aware of the situation? This is not something that should have been allowed to happen
If we are understanding correctly
Noam can you message valor after the game and get his side
Yeah
I’ll get this in the rules tn
Everything else we wanna change will wait till end of season (schedule changes, penalties for draft links)
what happened
a team didnt update roster tool?
which one
NYNB
They updated roster tool, then changed roster and didn’t tell the other team
We think
At minimum the roster tool is not up to date
yup
We know they're aware of it bc they asked Valor if it was up to date for him
So forgot at best, deceitful at worst
Depending on what valor says y’all need to figure this out without me btw
Getting gas now but back on road soon
That's fine
I think I can make the right calls based on what he tells me
it sounds like a redraft should happen
would be my opinion
MVP might win
oh
lol
which at that point I think it's a warning but we give them the option to redraft or keep the result (we know which they will pick)
yeah thats what i would say
If they lose then we give them the option to redraft and we give NYNB a warning anyway
give the other team the option of a redraft
okay so what happened
was
Bot#8380 yah
mike is at work and didnt know we had a game
and the  only available person to play with us was dom
which is fine, as long as the other team is made aware
right i slipped up on that
we were all panicking because we thought we would have to ff the series
Sounds resolved
id mention it to will real quick doesnt have to be anything major since we told mimi but since will is the team captain i would mentions something
Already got it
swag

adam rq in our game
lol
what happened at the end there I stepped away and heard disconnected
he wanted to ff
we said we couldn't
and he just disconnected from game and vc
I see
dean gets home a little after 8
he said he'd handle everything then
I think that's a suspension but let's wait until then
Definitely wanna have this handled by midnight tonight
@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) if you wanna send a scrimbot message that owuld be good
??????????????????????????
That's
crazy
someone help me write a little statement to send in announcements
about how we are aware of stuff and going to make decision later
today
im bad at writing
dean doesn't want radio silence about this
uhh something along the lines of "we are aware of a couple of issues that have impacted tonights games and they will be handled with accordingly, thank you for your patience as we sort things out"
OK
I like
I like it
Maybe change things to them?
as in sort out the couple of issues
oh boy
do you want me to send
@Stanley
if you have one sure
im having trouble phrasing it
The admin team is aware of a few issues that have impacted tonight's series. We are deliberating on the best course of action to handle them and thank you for your patience as we sort them out, We will have an announcement for all of them by midnight
good?
ye
added a little bit at the end
ok i send

Some quick thoughts, gotta decompress from the drive for a bit: - clarification from valor that he was never informed is very important to know, as this is something mason got in huge trouble for doing before, and roster changes happening without other teams knowledge are a really big deal. If they had told valor and forgotten to update the tool, that’s honestly not a huge deal at all, but that’s not what happened.  - the Adam thing is pretty cut and dry, would say that’s normally a monther but I don’t believe he has any prior incidents so that would probably be bumped down to a week
Agree on the week for Adam
What are we thinking for first thing?
I don’t like that this is the case but I do think we can’t ignore the fact that there was an admin present on the team where it happened, it’s a pretty bad look overall especially since this is something that there’s precedence for people getting in trouble for
Hard call, I think the offer to rematch was definitely the minimum that should be done.
i think that the rematch option is perfectly fine
i dont think theres much we need to talk about there
I’m leaning towards that yeah
Mason situation was definitely different in a way that makes it distinct
what was mason situation for those unaware (it's me I'm unaware)?
He was captaining a team, one of their players was asleep during a game, so they asked to sub up, about 8 points over pointed
oh thats completely different
Blake (other teams captain) agreed to the sub on the condition that mason would be playing top and Sam would be jungling
And they roleswapped after the draft
Or during the draft?
that's a little cringywingy
And didn’t say it until they were in game
Yes mason has a lifetime ban on captaining  {Reactions} 💀 (2)  [2023/09/17 午後 08:26] nomulus yeah I think this is different and the way it was handled is fine ™️
I was just using it as a point of reference since they were both roster miscommunications
right
And I don’t want to be inconsistent about it but yeah I was quite aware they weren’t equivalent
I guess we can just discuss this during the Wednesday meeting then because stuff like this happens obviously b/c mistakes happen but they should *not* be happening when an admin is present it’s our responsibility to know the rules and make sure they get followed
Also if admins have questions about how to handle stuff in the server ping in this chat or dm scrim bot like anyone else DO NOT dm me it’s sketch to exclude other admins who are resources for y’all too. If it’s a question about server operations that isn’t time critical that’s different but most things you’d be dming me about you can either look up in the rules or can ask here.
Ok so consensus on
Adam 1 week  {Reactions} 👍 (7)  [2023/09/17 午後 08:31] jeandones Forfeit offered, and an announcement made restating the rules, as well as updating rules doc to include more detailed information on consequences of failing to update roster  {Reactions} 👍 (7)  [2023/09/17 午後 08:31] jeandones @Admins ^
where was it
i didnt see it
Season discussion
i didnt catch that my bad
He said “leave up gp”
And then that
i didnt check season discussion until after game 1
It was during game 2 draft
really
6:03 yeah
ngl been spamming dark and darker
6:04
It was sandwiched by admin messages so I was really surprised to see it
@Jonah did you have input on the punishments? Didn’t get a thumbs up or down from you
Was DMing Valor and figuring out how to let the rest of the server know, didn't notice it in real time
I was not paying super close attention to the channel during the cast
Saw it a few minutes after and was like "ehhh that's borderline maybe I should delete it" and then Valor dmd me again so forgot
So one of us did catch it at least
That’s a bit reassuring
there was alot going on
I would say references to suicide are probably worse than borderline
Right I just wanted to understand if we missed it or if we thought the message was fine
Because it’s one of the 2, just wanted to know which
Because if we saw it and thought it was fine that’s bad but if we just missed it, or what Noam said that it’s not as big of a deal

>  Forfeiting games that would lose your team a series is prohibited in Scrim Zone, and leaving the game or voice call to get around this rule is also against the rules under the category of game throwing. In addition, some of your all chat messages and a message you sent in the discord server were against our rules. We understand that it was probably a rough night, and you have had no issues previously, which was taken into consideration. We have decided to place you on a 1 week suspension, ending at 12:00am September 25th. This will also exclude you from participation in NYNB's next series, even if it occurs after that date.  {Reactions} 👍 (4)  [2023/09/17 午後 08:53] jeandones good?  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/17 午後 08:54] nomulus good  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/17 午後 08:55] ktnpwincess good
Did I miss something where was forfeit offered
this is the message after, I assume it was done in dms
wording probably is bad, redraft/replay is probably the correct wording
ty for pointing that out
Ahh ok yeah I agree with offering the redo
Im just going to start sending penalties on the scrim zone account
that way its not coming from one of us in particular  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/09/17 午後 08:59] teslaplasmabolt Good idea
I like that
harder for me to check if he responds but
oh well
only problem is friend only dms people
^
thats an issue anyway tho
Just going to ignore his response btw
That's...
Wow
I obviously am not going to ban him from the server
he seems quite tilted
Yeah
reasonable?
I think restarting the game should be an option
Getting outdrafted b/c you don't know their team -> stomp loss sounds super unfun
ok thats true
remove 2nd bullet point and just say "any point through the completion of the game"?  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/17 午後 09:17] .jaspr I think 3rd bullet is really clunky to read
"If the offending team sends the correct roster after draft, but before the game begins, the other team may request a redo draft. If the option to redo draft is not taken, it can not happen retroactively at any time after the start of the game"
Is how I'd write it
eliminated wordiness
look good?  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/17 午後 09:22] nomulus Specifiy specific penalties feels a little redundant
Other than that sounds good, but will read the rest rq
agreed
good catch
yeah I like the rest
ok sending thats 4 and we alr approved the penalties

I just got home
Been away all day
Just read this chat
Damn

I almost got to avoid it like you
Unfortunately opened chat while trying the new wendys frosty (it’s good)
Hope you had a fun day ~
Cam big dogged it up
Top 4 at the RCQ, pocketed 250$ and some cool shit  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/09/17 午後 11:45] barisaxxy Big balling
I didn't enter games btw
and i didn't sc postgames
Agree

What new Wendy's frosty?
Sheeesh

Cam not I
I’m in no place to go to those unfort

Pumpkin spice
I’m so glad they send these out a month after the features roll out

Very helpful

I know haha I'm sheeshing on behalf of Cam

Thanks discord
Also cheeeeeeesh

Ty big man I rocked the game store

@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) do you want to enter them? if not, send me post game screenshots and I can do it
Bot#8380 he plays jhin as long tbh
i am not at my computer rn but i can send ss when im home

Today and yesterday's games logged

<3

hey yall, just wanted to let you guys know that im resigning as an admin in this server. ill still be around and active in here, its just my priorities have shifted and i cant fulfill my role the way i used to. dms are always open for any questions or just anything at all :)  {Reactions} ❤️ (3)  [2023/09/19 午後 06:34] redloheb_ We’ll miss you
im not dying LOL mimaw will still be active in scrims  {Reactions} 😤 (2)  [2023/09/19 午後 06:34] nomulus :goodbye:
Lol
The admins are allowed to miss you as an admin
Gosh
LOL
Bot#8380 the time

Not to be that guy, should this be in season discussion? 🙃
I literally just realized
Too late at this point
Fair
It’s referencing the podcast and Alana’s Shen so
Somewhat

anyone opposed to me figuring out the logistics of running tft scrims?

I helpies
'uge
I’m so down
I’d be willing to help

@Admins ?
i'll be on in 1 min
in br
@Jonah @Cam ?
sorry i had something come up i forgot to mention it. if im done before the meeting is over ill be there
im sorry
HELLO
I AM ALIVE
wow you're so smart
where'd you find that
Whoa no way

good night cam ❤️

The 3:33am buff
Im scaling

Can someone put out a game announcement for today? I’ll cast but I’m in the car right now so I can’t do the announcement.

bet

How did this channel get moved to news
lol
i fix

games logged

@Noam can we chat at some point? I've had people from 4 teams including yours raise some issue with how Rex and Stav are allowed to be de facto starters despite not playing full placements. I think the issue is on the rules and not on you but just want to talk about it with you and figure out what makes the most sense.
yeah that's fine
we're rotating them out probably for the next couple series anyways to give people more time to play
Think that is a bit helpful but definitely is a lot more deep than just that
lmk whens a good time i dont think this is as easy to talk about over text

can do it rn if you want
give me 10
i kinda want to sleep now but
will do
can also do tomorrow
if that's better
can we do 5pm tmrw?
if not lets do now
sure that works
actually we can just do now its fresh on my mind
lmk when
im in call w/e
should i join too or just noam since captain
i guess also applied to jacob
open discussion
That's me
thats why i sent in admin
if you want to feel free

Random question, why does Spectres have chat access to Andromeda's chat?
Stanley did it
Think for their scrims
ah ok
Not sure why they still have access
They probably shouldn’t have had it in the first place

Gentlemen I have it
The answer
First I must mourn our new lack of diversity:(
But I think I found the tech to incentivize winning signups
And playing more signups

lets hear it
im interested
Bracket format run after the season with selected teams where captains are determined by most signups wins and they pick players from people who had played a certain signups threshold. Bracket format run determines seeding for a mini tournament, possible using fearless draft or something
That sounds pretty cool
hm
This would just be an event?
Yes
Thinking a point cap different than 95 - all the captains could pick a number and the average or median would be what is chosen
so players need to reach a number of signup games to qualify
and then those with the most are captains
Number of games to qualify number of wins are captains
Maybe wins for both
not wins for qualification
Unsure on that point
Bot#8380 omg it gets 2 year im running at iron iv is that tf
Yeah that would feel pretty shitty
the force you're fighting against is that people don't want to play signups *and* season games
Could we just use total points / 4 or does that not work?
If you're like 1 win under the threshold or whatever
for some reason, it's a lot bigger ask to tell someone to devote 3 hours on a wednesday night to playing signups than it is to tell someone to play league of legends for 3 hours
especially during a season where people are even more opposed to the time commitment (even though it's not that big of a time commitment imo)
so the benefit has to outweigh the perceived "risk"
Ok so not wins for qual
Agreed but this is the problem we are trying to solve b/c currently people not in team format just don’t get to play any games
i'd be willing to put $5 in toward RP for a winning team
ye ye just putting it in writing so we are all on the same page. you're proposing an idea *to* solve this problem
I’m going to refer to the last time this was brought up and veto prizing
Imo pick a charity is king by far
can u refresh why we vetoed prizes
picking a charity is great, frostbite was a really good event
:0 almost frostbite time
Charity works, as soon as money is on the table ethics leave the table
We could do it as a surprise?
It’s only a surprise once
yeah
And the incentive is gone if people don’t know about it
And I really don’t like the precedent
im okay with backing out of the idea of prizing entirely
When erik and I talked to doki he talked about how having money involved basically just ruined competitive integrity every time
(except charity donations that seems to be the best incentive as jacob said)
Agreed I think frostbite works but anything other than #hall-of-fame or the player badges we are working on would be too much imo
Bot#8380 ohh ok  {Reactions} ‼️ (3)  [2023/09/26 午後 01:22] .jaspr If we do this we'd need to constanty remind people about it
There could just be a leaderboard that we post every so often with like a cutoff
For top 4
Would be pretty easy
We're friends (and also never play them again so it's not like it affects integrity)
This only works if *every* player above the threshold is available on the weekend it runs
So I’d say no
Sharing strats is against rules regardless
Yeah Erik explained it to me yesterday haha
Not in the way they would be
Well it's fine if they don't discuss drafts against other teams with each other
Playing against each other and saying "here's a strat you guys should try in general" is fine I think
"Players should not leak strategies or information about their own team to players outside of the team"
Is this not cut and dry applicable?
This is a little bit of a semantic argument around what leak means I think
Yeah that’s fair I think the argument would be that andromeda doesn’t type in their own chat but
I’m with Jacob here that they shouldn’t have chat access regardless
Well
We aren't discussing strategy in that channel anyways
Is there any reason they need it
So it doesn't apply really?
So we can talk to them
?
Dms exist
/ they can practice with us
I'm not saying you're doing anything wrong, I have no idea what's going on in the team chats other than mine
I don’t like it in the sense that you’re doing something that other teams that don’t have admins on them couldn’t do
And if they reached out to me and asked me to do it I would say no
If you need privacy in a call you can always use normies and flexers b/c they have a player cap
That any admin can override
Or team calls?
Can we make captains have control over their specific channel then
You’re kinda arguing in the opposite direction here
I don’t think this is a good way for team channels to work
I agree
Then just remove it then idk
If you and spectres are besties you can just create a SPC + m31 server and hang out with them or a dm group
I added them so that when we practiced they could join
Right which is weird?
And added them to text bc if they had an image they wanted to send we didn't have to send it in general
If it’s not strictly an andromeda practice it shouldn’t be a andromeda + certain select other team practice
If we want to be more strict about admins hopping in full calls we can be
But that’s a separate discussion
Idk
I just thought it would be fine
Remove them
I think we're all on mobile rn lmao
I got it
For some reason It showed correct permissions + Mike
Once I removed Mike, spectres, Logan and gruer showed up
Mike is the dam
So the takeaway is that the bracket idea + tourney after is good ?  {Reactions} 👍 (5) 👎  [2023/09/26 午後 03:59] camdotzip These are first on my list after salary is secured

Sounds good

Talked to Cam and Jacob about what would be a good solution for our discussion yesteday and we wanted to run it by you guys too before talking to the team: we think all of us would be okay with self-imposing a 2-sub limit unless it interferes with our ability to run a game
sure that would work

@Stanley you got logs?
yeah
i'll remove roles
ty

LOGGED
Stanley can you swap senna and thresh for consistency?
If senna is paired with a traditional support she goes in the adc role, if she’s paired with a carry champ she goes support
If she’s farming she always goes ad this is just for fasting
even if the thresh farmed?
i mean honan was going bot and z support that game
seems weird to class it as a thresh support game
Yes
It’s how all the other games are in and consistency is probably good
alright
how do i swap them
Edit in the database

done
Ty

Can whoever dragged captain chat below andromeda fix it when they get the chance? Not sure who keeps moving channels it doesn’t show up in the audit log

I think if you’re not doing anything an announcement would be more harmful than helpful

I’d be interested in the data but more out of curiosity than anything else

Thomas + Joey: 1 Series Kathy: 2 Series Mason + Rex + Stav + Jacob: 3 Series Noam: 4 Series Cam + Garrett: 5 Series
Kathy is low but that's an availability thing, every other starter has more or the same number of series as the sub with the most series

Oh I completely misunderstood what the message meant
That makes more sense
What did you think I woud send?
Series are overall pretty even seems to imply a gameplay thing
Bot#8380 but so now
It just seemed unrelated and like a weird claim
Ahh
Could have been worded more clearly yeah
It read as like it was defending point 2 by saying you aren’t winning by *that* much where if true it also isn’t relevant and idk what metric you’d use
I could check series wr by player
But that's too much effort
And not worth it at all
I mean there’s no point
It’s irrelevant

Yeah that's my bad sorry
Nw doesn’t affect your point I was just curious

Logger v1.1 out

(Please update to v1.1 as v1.0 will no longer work)

how update
Uninstall V1.0 then install new one
where new one :p

github?
or just the google drive
I updated the link in the pinned message

@Dean have you censored similar things from other people in the server
I feel like there isn't a wide corpus of examples of people talking about orgasm in the server ngl
trying to be on top of it as i can yes
okay just curious
id say rex + alanas stuff recently is in the same vein
the "this champ is hot" is borderline
im not sure how i feel abt all that but its probably fine if controlled
alana felt they were being singled out because we they can cite examples of people using similar language but i felt small sample size + hard to be there for everything + newly enforced etc creates a fallacy
also consider she doesnt see some of it bc its deleted immediately
might just be a clear line of sexualization
Bot#8380 probably go crazy how does he't condoning mason
ye
ye "hard to be there for everything"
i mean dean censored the poppy braids thing
did i?
not censored but was like
yeah
stop it don't go any further
yea
Can we consider that maybe if we’re cracking down on this dean needs a different pfp
Lol
lmao
ill take an excuse to change it yeah
LMAOO

what exactly are alana's examples?
they cited drago talking about cumming or something
i thin kthey are just mald which is okay and something they said to me explicitly
im pretty sure that one was addressed no
but yeah we've recently been cracking down more than in the past which i think is good overall
agree and agree
Im on the edge on some of the stuff blake and pb are saying
Might be smart to just have a conversation with them even if nothing theyve said is specifically bad
Blake pushes boundaries yeah
To give examples: Blake talking about lillia in weird ways and Pb saying a lot of "Blake like [redacted] or I think two champs are hot which i cannot mention here"
just implying heavily in a lot of their messages
agreedge
Sorry this is off topic but I’m about to fucking lose my mind with our apartment
The washer finally starts fucking working after a month of living here and now the internet goes out in our whole building
But for some fucking reason we outsource our internet to the shittiest fucking internet company that no one has heard of
Who I’ve called 2 times before about internet and they tell me “we’ll escalate your ticket” and then nothing ever happens
So now I’m just stuck with no fucking internet and a project due tomorrow
my condolences
Also our internet company is so shit there’s a chance this will not be back by Monday
In extreme cases
what company
Bot#8380 i presume
Single digits
yeah never heard of them
They have 2 phone operators
oh they mainly serve like
assisted living facilities
So I have talked to the same 2 people
Every time I call
And they’re both fucking stupid
They just ask me for either my ip or my max address
And then say
“We’re running a test”
For like 10 mins
And then say “ it’s not working so we are going to escalate your ticket and then maybe send a technician to you if we can’t figure it out”
And then proceed to do nothing
they hate you
#silly-admin  :(
My bad

when next admin meeting
sat 7:30  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/09/28 午後 07:01] camdotzip otay
i will wait until then

@Admins let’s aim for high attendance this week for admin meeting at 7:30 today, cam has something he wants to discuss  {Reactions} 👍 (4)  [2023/09/30 午後 04:40] barisaxxy I'm going to be out at a play I can't show up can we have a rundown of what was said?

Its not a big deal, just something I wanted to gauge others on

@Admins :)
@Dean @Noam ?

mb was cleaning
Not home
:(
-Complaints from senior members that there is a difficulty in separation between admins as friends vs enforcers. On the other side, as admins, it can be difficult to "punish" people that you are close friends with  -Some people have said that punishment messages feel robotic and that they'd prefer more tailored messages  -Expectations from admins have changed over time which makes it tough for longer standing members
Bot#8380 it’ll get fans who you

sry i was playing video game for 5 hours and didnt realize time had passed by
are "senior members" and "longer standing members" referring to admins specifically? Im really not sure what those bullets mean

i was using cam's verbiage
it means non admins in both cases
as far as i'm aware

Ok I think I follow Im unclear on how the admin responsibilities have changed over time
But everything else I get
Stanley no clue what’s causing that :(
happening to me too
just not loading
Someone ddosing scrim zone

@Dean any ideas on what broke website yet?>
or buyu
busy

busy
ill fix tn
could be a  lot

Sent a message to stanley asking for more information
if someone outside of my team wants to follow up that would work too  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/10/01 午後 10:54] nomulus I know both Erik and Dean are in here and can see the messages which is a little bit of a strange situation

If you guys want to dm me instead of talking here my DMs are open
Could also be handled by Jacob, and Jonah if he feels he isn't too invested in the situation (I think Cam said he wants to stay out of moderation instances when possible)  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/01 午後 10:58] redloheb_ im on the team so i probably shouldnt  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/02 午前 12:12] teslaplasmabolt what happened season discussion?

i think I was pinged but I checked and nothing
TLDR said something to mason about m7s being interpreted as toxic when it was reflex and he took it as me having an issue with it being interpreted it that way
ah i see
Not how I would have liked the situation to be handled but I’m not going to lie to you
I was gonna grab and shower and type something up after to you if you’d want to forward to Andromeda
I’ll let that message convey my feelings instead of half baked shit I’m typing rn
But what Noam said is correct masons just causing problems for fun
100% him saying anything to y’all abt it was the last thing I would want him to do
Kinda plays into what cam was talking about tbh

Guys I have a conundrum and a possible solution, and would like your opinion.  I would like to run Arnye, (as he really wants to play) however it is difficult as subbing him in for Alana rn is 1 point over the maximum, and 2 of my other subs have almost no availability.  This is extremely unfortunate, as when I signed Aryne on 9/13, we upped his points by 4 to match his current rank at the time (Gold 2). Had I waited a bit before signing him, his points would have been upped by 3, as he is currently Gold 3.  My proposition is that we give the captains the ability to vote on this, and if they unanimously agree, we lower Arnye's points by 1 so that he can play.  Please let me know if you think this is a fair thing to propose.  {Reactions} 👍 (6) 👎  [2023/10/02 午前 10:37] teslaplasmabolt OK it seems I have admin majority vote, I will now ask the captains
Captains unanimously agree
how do I change he point
I’ll do it
I think we just lock it differently don’t actually adjust his points
B/c that would affect multiple people and this will only affect 1
ok sounds good
ty
Isn't this case specifically about the rank point adjustment tho?
No Stanley wants him to be able to play on his team
Even if he was gold 3 he would still have the same points
Rounding would have made the base rating the same
If you bump down his base there’s no guarantee he wouldn’t still be 13 also
Which would kinda defeat the purpose
adjusting his points would be the more "correct" option but we'd have to recalculate points for everyone right?
I mean it would affect up to 18 other peoples points and also no I don’t think it’s more correct
so we just lock him one lower to prevent unforseen consequences
Locking him one lower accomplishes what we want it to
yeah
It’s not like we are arguing that he’s incorrectly evaluated you just want to be able to run him
I misread and thought you were saying opposite
In class moment lol
happens

Hello do we know the current active player count
And if not perhaps we should look into securing this metric
define active player

Active in current team season? Or x days since last signup? Unsure.
My guess is active in team season
We'd still need a metric for active then
Maybe something like at least 4 games in the last 2-3 months?
Because if we do it by last game there might be some people who only really play one series included in that
Having played at least 2 series in the last few months seems like it may be a decent gauge
yeah if we can determine something we can start tracking
theres no dates on games tho so just going by season might be our best  bet
True

Is there a goal for this metric or just curiosity?

probably easier tracking for # of teams i'd assume
I think it's good to have but I was also asked this question and realized i couldn't answer
I just use # of people above the criteria
when teams need to be locked for that
by who were you asked if you don't mind sharing

Noam
oh I thought someone was asking the for the number of active players
i misread

blake asked if i had a count for current active players
when i couldnt answer i came here
ok yeah that was my suspicion
I believe blake plans to come back as a captain
i think he'd like to if possible
I think it's not
but obvi can't unless will hands him the position
^^^
I don’t think will would be able to do that
there is also a lot of evidence of him match fixing
ah right that all happened
i think he's off the most trusted players list for now
And if he gets it back who is to say he won’t just quit again (which was REALLY bad)
Like will is doing a good job but his team is kind of a mess all things considered
Which is 100% not his fault imo
not really his failt
yeah
all makes sense
I meant it was Blake’s fault
Didn’t do any work to plan a team and then bailed which screwed NYNB over
yeah not ideal
I think he’d be a little delulu to assume he’d be offered a captain spot

Idk if this is banter or what going on in there but uhhhh I don't really like it
If its just banter then its fine
just
mmmmm
don't like
^
i mean mason is typing to me all series about how hes egoing spectres and that the roster sucks
so
in dms?
Keep it in dms to mason then !!
Sorry dont want to sound antagonistic
Mason was also telling us he wants to ego spectres
And i may have called the udyr an ego pick
I also think this overemphasis on explanation when the other team is tilted is probably unneccessary
yeah
That might be my bad, i wanted to offer a bit of a "ik you're upset but please direct it in the right places"
Jacob being a scapegoat is also not cool
I def contributed as well
I agree!
The -2 points thing is just really a bad look for the point system when in reality it means nothing special
I'm just saying i don't think it's gonna help is all
For sure
I'm def not talking in there anymore
Just so we are all clear, frustrations with the current situation aside, I think abruptly ending the stream, not giving an MVP interview, and then saying a message about not doing the podcast I think paints a giant sign on the Meta Busters "upsetting the server owner", which obviously has some truth to it, but I think that we should work to solve these things proactively and with as much positivity as we can muster regardless of our own personal gripes. Everyone is going to see that and then look at the Meta Busters in a weird way. I understand that some of us think (myself included) we should modify the rules around legality of some rosters, but I just think this is not a great way to go about it. This is a really awkward thing to have a conversation about because 3 of the admins in here are on MB, so I think it's important that I as a witness, but not being on the cast or on the team, address it as I see it.
@Admins ideally MTB players who are admins should not be handling the caesarious situation
it's a bad look
agree
If i kept the stream alive I would have to have muted my frustrations were immense
obv its a bad call but given the circumstances its the best option i saw in the moment
what did they do i missed it
ran the full substitute roster
or
oh
max substitutes + points
I fully understand this, but I think the subsequent message in chat was not a great look.
hmmmm
yeah agreed mb
I was going to reach out and mention that I was not part of the game so I can do my best to remain impartial, or can ask another admin to reach out. specifically this  "Hi Logan, I wanted to reach out because I saw your message to ScrimBot.  I was not part of the series you guys just played, so I believe I can be impartial, but if you'd prefer I can ask another admin to reach out instead since it still deals with my team.  If you have anything you'd like to add specifically, I want to let you know I'm available to hear you out. Otherwise, both the admins of the server and the Metabusters as a team have heard your complaint, and we'll reevaluate how we structure our rosters.  GGs"  if you guys think i should remain out of it I will but I think my perspective might help with the situation
I have not messaged anyone yet
to clarify
i think another admin saying something gives it a better look
even if you are offering to be impartial
@Olaf (Erik O.) u wanna?
i think thats fair
just sort of an empty message if he says he wants someone else
erik observed the situation and is not part of either team
better to be productive
got it
okay heard
the ggs would send him off the planet btw
Bot#8380 send me too busy
holy god
This is true
playing the admin role and the other team role is like
super offensive
yeah
I dont think theres a captain in the server who doesnt see Rex - Jar - Garrett - Stav - Jacob and immediately tilt off the face of the earth
to be completely honest
noted
I know the perception of it is not great but Stav is playing on 40 fps laptop dropping to 10 during team fights or when he gets a discord message
Other than that I am not in a mental place to talk about the series so I'm gonna step away from it for the time being
Will update the admin-logs tomorrow with Caesarius  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/02 午後 11:30] jeandones and hes still smurfing? that actually makes it seem worse
@Olaf (Erik O.) think you're handling it really well
look forward to seeing what is said tomorrow
:3 This is what I get paid the big bucks for
Name of
Zero dollars
we can revenue share!
(youd owe me 90 dollars)
:C
I think we just need to reconvene with everyone in the right headspace to talk about it, are the games logged?
ill let mb do it
I will be in VC to log games if anyone wants to come by and vent/talk about some stuff that's bugging them like the Catholic
uhh whatevevr its called
confessional
Confessional
!
FUck
this is fucking hilarious

Can someone send logs I wanna try out this new tool
YIPPEE

Current planned things to address:  prioritize keeping players together zero sum points (with preventing players from dropping too low after a bad season) figure out what to do about players that don't try in signups but do in season (esp high elo) make everyone play the same number of placement games (10? 12?) which will be incentived by tourney crack down more aggressively on people who dont play for a season
I like all of these
yeah
I hope noam and I are able to contribute to those?
I don't see why not!
I will warn you guys proactively that we will probably not have Kathy and Cam for at least the next week
And I will very bluntly disallow a Rex+Stav lineup in the meantime
Just so we are all square, I think that the problem is explicitly Rex+Mason on the same roster NOT Rex+Stav
From the DMs with PB
That one I can definitely bluntly disallow
o7 soldier
Should we also just rest rex for a bit?
I know that was PBs primary complaint
Although from what I interpreted from PB's messages his problem specifically is with Rex playing more than half of our series
Yeah
That would probably be ideal if you're able to muster the attendance from your team to make that possible
NO LMAO
What game is that?
We will do what we can
Lemme go get that rq
I think it's Xayah lemme go confirm that
Stanley 5,000,000 - AutoLogger 2
It's Zeri
everythign else is correct
I don't know what we're suppoed to do long term about meta busters
I feel like if we ever run rex again we run into issues of complaining about his points being locked early
Even if we run him in a lower point roster, if he's able to carry it still would look like an issue to people
i'd also really like to address negative points
i feel like it causes a lot of controversy
There is so much complaining coming Jacob's way and quite frankly it's killing my motivation in the server
Agree and empathize with this

Our propositions for that were:  - prevent major point loss from team format - hide points - *maybe* restrict points from going below 0
There’s downsides to the last one for sure but if it’s possible for points to go negative people are gonna know about it
our consensus was that the only real problem with negative points is perception so if theres any way to retain system functionality but not retain perception of it then we should be fine
Hiding points + not showing point values unless all 5 players are selected might work?
unironically i think the point bump to him was the fix but ur team voted against it
just think that would have sat well with the wide audience

They could be persuaded
A solution to a lot of these things is a better formula to calculate impact of team format on points, big issue is there’s a lot of people who outperform their signups skill in the team format mostly b/c of high point players blowing off signups so ensuring problematic players gain points and minimizing point tanking of losing players is optimal, but it needs to maintain 0 sum
Meant to sent that earlier but was recording pod

Might have a problem for MVP series...
But that would put us at literally half the overall points
It would be a stomp lol
Is there an issue with the currently available roster?
We said we'd run less Rex and the public perception will not care if we simply have to run him, they'll say we're doing it on purpose
"Jacob isn't worth -2 they're just pretending to be weaker now so people won't care that they're running Rex every series" is something I can see being said
Idk how accurate that is and if I am still a little wound up from yesterday but
I guess? You can just shoot a message in season discussion being like these are the only 5 we have available or smth if youre worried about it
I think with that roster its pretty clear its not your first choice
You could also just directly dm PB and let him know
if you dont want to make a public issue about it
If Garrett is available do we get blasted for putting him in instead of Jacob?
Yeah
That seems like a reasonable lineup to me
As an admin or a player lol
Both?
its 2 subs and its not close to max points
if anyone complains about that one they are just doing it to cause a problem tbh
Okay
If youre worried about reaction from people i still think the pb dm and/or season discussion message would be valid
I think given the list of 6 people available and considering that 2 of them are basically support-only I dont think anyone can fault you for that roster, especially with only 2 subs
Okay
Will continue to be transparent about these things from now on
I think thats the best approach yeah
I took this as being transparent to the server, but I'm realizing u probably meant transparent to us, which I appreciate
mb
scrims reading comprehension strikes again
Teehee
Want us to be on the same page so that when we all get publicly executed Stanley style at least the admins will be quietly protesting in the back
xdd

Strongly considering sending this as well: Also please consider what impact your messages might have on my players. Any anger you might have is valid if directed at me because ultimately the roster decision is my own, but anger at Jacob or Rex or Stav or any of my other players sucks and brings down the atmosphere of the whole server
Dunno if I should send and if it sounds defensive or not (which is unavoidable to a certain extent)
Not sure if it goes in announcements
Agreed
but its a decent message
Asking for advices here before I send it anywhere
its fine for season discussion
i would
remove the "else" from "someone else on the admin team"
everything else is good
Heard
for the same reason it doesnt go in announcements
Wdym
just like seperation btwn noam as admin and noam as team captain
Gotcha
not sure it actually matters but
:fizzshrug:
otherwise the message is really well written
Strongly considering sending this as well: Also please consider what impact your messages might have on my players. Any anger you might have is valid if directed at me because ultimately the roster decision is my own, but anger at Jacob or Rex or Stav or any of my other players sucks and brings down the atmosphere of the whole server
But I know it is potentially uhh
Not flammable
Incendiary?
Idk lol not my first language tm
yeah its a little risky
but
HES BILINGUAL
probably fine
its pronounced bisexual
Do you mind if I cook up some wording Noam and see if you like it or not?
Go for it
i would just have someone else make a statement saying something about the point issues not being players faults
I'm just really angry about how Jacob has been addressed recently
fair
Heard and fully agreed
And I don't want to sound like it's coming from a place of resentment but like
Think it’s putting a damper on season discussion
“With this in mind, I’d encourage everyone to be more respectful of the way we communicate about other players publicly in channels. Everyone reads season discussion and can see what you are writing about them, and it has been getting progressively more vitriolic and making some people not want to play scrims or interact with others in the server, which I personally do not appreciate. We want to make sure that this space is fun for everyone. Banter is fine, bullying is not.”
I would be sending this
So it’s not coming from you
Up to y'all
I'm okay either way
Do you feel like this communicates your sentiment?
It's not necessarily the words I would use but it is probably a less inflammatory way of communicating what I'm feeling
I think inflammatory was the word I couldnt think of
id change vitriolic
just say rude
Yeah I was thinking about that
Heard
i know vitriolic is technically the better word
but keeping it simple is good
Maybe aggressive?
Because it's not necessarily rude it's just kinda toxic
Mmm I like disparaging maybe
Is that too much of a 1 dollar word
im gonna side with something simpler again
We will just go with toxic
Toxic it is
toxic or aggresive are probably fine

Looking at Erik’s images, seems like point 1 is the main issue
2 and 3 are stuff we’ve talked to death already and are just kind of a factor of how our league works, I’d be open to having to announce roster in advance if a certain amount of subs are used but that’s really hard to define so I’m not sure we need to stick to it unless it’s ubiquitous in captain feedback.
Agreed in subsequent conversations it seems that he points to the first thing being a primary issue
I talked with him about the points thing he seems to get it now
Yeah I will be doing an explanation on next pod, I’ll record it separately and upload/send here

we should give evreyone's points +485

Yeah I’m gonna use that as an example
Either that or -40
i can like
look into this
:)
no promises bc obvi we're only averaging 20 ccv and the youtube doesn't get a whole lot of traffic, but i can look into it at the least
With this implemented might not even need to have a team format point change cap at all, which would be cool
The number under where it says logarithmic is how many points the team is ahead at the start of the series, end delta is how many points each player on the team would win/lose, and end team is how many points the team is ahead at the end of the series
Stanley helped me verify the math and such on this much appreciated. We both lost 8^90 brain cells tonight.

3am math goes hard

_jett joined the server and dmed me asking about an art commision - at first seemed like an offer for the server but they started messaging more people than just me so I have kicked them
That’s a pretty common thing happening rn
I’m not sure if they’re bots or real people
discord in general or our server
But I get dms pretty often from people saying they do art commission
Discord in general
In public servers
got it
Yeah they messaged me like 3 days ago about this
Once I saw the thing about commission I just muted the DM
I’ve gotten like 5 of these before
I haven't gotten 1
They hate me
L
If someone does it in scrims and yall see can you just shoot a message here?
I’m also in alot of random servers
Discord will tell us if someone does it but i think they need to message 5 people first so early notice is good
Do we have kick permissions?
It looked like a real person message
I’ll send it now
It looks like real people
Regardless
They just say hi and ask how you’re doing or whatever
if someones trying to self promo just let us know
For sure
If it happens again it might be worth an announcement
yep
Just be like hey we know this is a thing going around if you get these messages please report it to scrim bot
if you want to make one that might be helpful, I don't know as much info as u so ill defer
Sure I can
We are aware of people recently joining public servers and sending dms to server members advertising art commissions. If you receive any dms like this from someone in this server please let scrimbot know so that they can be handled accordingly.
perfect
maybe ping players and updates?
I think this is an @all yeah?
That works too
everyone works too
Just cause this impacts people even if they aren’t as active
exactly yeah
Handled
tysm! didnt realize this was widespread
Yup
I typically just block them
Most of these are art commission people
i wonder if ella arts is one of them
Everyone with art in the name most definitely is. But a lot of the others are too

What things normally get blamed for the point systems failure
Mason + Hong are up there, as well as Negative point players
Huh
is there anything else
from like the player sentiment angle, what do people have issues with
Rex
ok i should clarify
falsely get blamed
Friends who join, play well, then can't play together next season
oh
false
im scrolling through point messages and finding jacob blaming himself a lot lmao
surely this has not contributed to the problem
OH
i remembered
Roleswapping
Bot#8380 what is

In regards to what Noam sent, that really sucks to hear but do want to say that Drago is neither diamond, or our best top laner and was not intentionally sent there to beat pooza, he simply has just been wanting to play top and Joel wanted to stop playing top.
I can reach out to Valor and communicate this
I mean I think having a conversation could be good
but I wouldn't say to him
"Hey btw Drago isn't our best top"
yeah im
not gonna say that
or say that hes not diamond
even though its correct
I think he has a point about the sentiment even if the facts aren't in order
I mean I was concerned about it from the beginning
It seems like meta busters and andromeda role swapping their normal top laner mid might have been the initial frustrations to be honest
agreed
and I get that its not clear that joel is actually a midlane player
is the argument that these 2
are worse than
No?
No its that you got sent midlane on a top lane champion while cam was playing a midlaner top
When historically youd been playing top
I think the argument is that people are not playing their traditional roles to send someone top lane to make his life miserable
^
I'm not sure what else the explanation for stanley top or cam top would be to be honest
ours was to put me mid to absorb heroic pressure on sion
but
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I mean i think its super in the rules
like i dont think its condemnable behavior you could argue they are the ones at fault for just abandoning him every game
but yeah
I don't think it's against the rules but opening a dialogue with him about what the best solution is never the wrong answer imo
i mean arguably bringing in a new player and abandoning him top so you can run valor/heroic/(cylako or iya) is not great but yeah conversation for another time
I agree with this for sure I just wasn't sure if the "it seems like MTB and M31 role swapping" was to say we were the main cause of it or just that that's where it started
I think they are at fault to some degree but doesn't mean we shouldn't try to find a compromise instead of feeding him to the wolves
Im not sure which other teams have role swapped
I also think Valor internalizes this to some extent I think he knows its all in the playbook
Yeah
I mean Pooza had some of his best games in terms of KDA against Stanley
idk if that was his concern?
I mean that doesnt make it less tilting?
They are still sending their highest point player into pooza because they assume stanley can just roll him
I think that feel shitty on Poozas end regardless of if hes winning or not
that's fair
I read the message he sent to you as "please dont do it again this series"
Not necessarily a complaint about stuff that has already happened
I think especially sending Rex top would have been really disheartening
yuh
I agree, Idk I think
This is on MVP
For drafting a roster like that
This seems like more of an internal MVP issue that he's kinda blaming on everyone else
I feel everyone's tried to hype up pooza as much as we can
If teams don't take advantage of MVP's weak point their borderline unbeatable and that's not fair to every other team
Like on Andromeda Alana is perma weak side top
Similar to pooza
But there aren't any issues I believe
yeah i mean
Maybe Jonah can speak more on this but
I feel we try and make sure that our lowest point players know what is expected of them
And even if they're put into unfair player matchups we try and emphasize that their performance isnt just whether they win or lose lane (due to the teams point distribution)
I'm not phrasing it right but
If MVP isn't doing that then I can see why it's hard on pooza
Bot#8380 me
But that's not anyone but MVPs fault
In my opinion
this feels like lowkey a non-issue tbh
well
i mean
an mvp issue
I think it's an issue but more of an MVP internal one
but not an admin one for sure
I mean yeah I dont know why its being discussed as something that something needs to be done about
yeah I was just trying to interpret the message for noam
Let me know if anything on this is something that shouldn't be discussed on the podcast
Mainly just think some added transparency around points, especially before a big change should help clear the air around some pain points
i'm sure you'll be saying it out loud but if people ask to see the ppt and don't listen to your explanation might get confused
It is on the slide that addresses that counter argument
I'm also just not gonna share the ppt
for that reason
ah okie dokie
its missing a lot of context just sending it to yall to see
but this is the part where im going to address it in depth
Did amend it so skimmers will see the explanation
maybe add an explanation of what zero-sum is
other than that it looks good
theres so much to cover on elo I will give an explanation on pod but they can just look it up I aint putting the billion pages of info on the slides  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/04 午後 04:53] camdotzip Ik im late but on the Pooza conversation I'm 100% on Valor's side

Alana has shared a similar sentiment, but to a lesser degree, and I think being lower points and getting exploited by some of the better players in the server blows chunks. Also it was 100% our intention but I didn't realize it was hitting Pooza that hard. The guy is chill and I'd like him to stick around
i mean
yes it obviously sucks
im not saying it doesnt
but its also kind of the whole strategy for alot of teams
and is a valid strategy
I prioritize enjoyment over rankings, and if the strategy is to ruin Pooza's game in order to win I can't agree with that, especially after having done it
There's obviously nothing we can enforce, but a "Rule 0" conversation might he worthwhile with some of the captains if necessary
i think abusing him because hes a weakpoint on the team and abusing him with the intention of making him quit are 2 different things
That was what I was trying to say earlier
unfortunately the valid strategy of abusing the other teams weak points is also making someone upset in this case
Don't know if I communicated that effectively
the whole point of "having a conversation" isn't to like
change the rules
well yeah
It's to just say like, hey we are playing against you guys next series
What can we do here to make this fair and fun
Something can be a valid strategy but that doesn't mean people can't get frustrated over it
These two outcomes are not mutually exclusive
i mean yeah
but im pretty sure no ones intention is to make pooza quit
like i get what youre saying and its cool if captains want to talk to each other and agree not to bully pooza
but like
if mvp asks and people say no i dont think its something we can hold against them
No one is saying we would
Speaking for myself, I am simply saying "Captains should be more open to having conversations about making games more fun for all 10 players, with respect to newer players having fun"
ok sorry i misunderstood the conversation then
all good
it just felt like a very serious conversation about something that we shouldnt be controlling
encouraging is good
but reminding people of the rules feels like a threat
so that was the vibe i was getting
i feel like the better answer is to just have valor say hey pooza has been feeling pretty down about the games
can we go easy on him
Is this not part of just having a conversation between captains?
Sorry I think I'm simply confused on what you are trying to say
this is not discussion between captains
thats all i mean
having rules conversations with  captains feels like threats of enforcement even if its not something we can enforce

Jonah’s completely correct here yeah
But we aren't controlling anything
w/e

I'm not trying to be antagonistic towards anyone here, I simply think if our games are consistently unfun for a lot of teams, having a discussion with captains about why these games are unfun and opening a dialogue towards everyone enjoying the game fits under our job description because we should be aiming to have people have fun and to suggest that it's not okay to simply attempt to open up a dialogue doesn't make sense to me. That's all i'm talking about more about this
Sorry if I came off as standoffish
In my perspective morale has been at an all-time low and I understand if we as admins are starting to become apathetic towards people sometimes making self-destructive decisions with their rosters but I think doing stuff about it where we can is good
I think that makes a lot of sense personally
My mantra has always been that video games are for fun, if you're not having fun figure, out why and change it
I think Jonah’s point wasn’t that we shouldn’t be talking about it but it felt like some of the comments were “teams should be able to do this” but no one was questioning that
From what I could tell
More about the tone of the convo than the fact it was happening
sorry i wasnt clear im not saying its not ok to talk about i just dont think referencing the rules is necessary
^
I think we can agree that this isn’t necessarily a rules issue
Yes
I’d like to be able to support valor but focus should be on that
And not legality of stuff that isn’t even in a grey area
I just flat out don't agree that that's what he's insinuating and I don't really think if he is insinuating something or not that really matters we aren't gonna change the rules or anything
Like sure he could've used "would like" instead of "need" but I think the urgency in his tone is expressed not towards a mandate of rules but more out of desperation for his friend having fun
but i don't think that even matters anyway

I don’t think anyone was saying that he was insinuating that? That’s certainly not the point Jonah was making
I think the point being made was it doesn’t matter if Alana’s in the same position the concern is that pooza isn’t having fun so Alana isn’t relevant
I also really think we should change our verbiage when we are referring to MVPs roster. I see a lot that especially admins are saying “sticking pooza top so that they can run heroic/iya” when it’s pretty clear to me that at least initially pooza really wanted to play, and from what valor said he specifically wants to play top lane too. And when pooza is on the team you have 95 points remaining, and not running heroic and iya who were on the team last season would just be dumb? I’m not sure what the issue with playing pooza heroic and iya is. All of them are deserving of their ratings, are happy playing the roles they play and it makes sense roster wise.
When we’re phrasing it like that it seems like we either don’t want pooza playing top lane at all, which would be shitty, or we think pooza shouldn’t have a strong roster besides him, which just doesn’t make sense to me.
You could make the case that they don’t practice enough or that their playstyle, particularly when cylako is in, just hangs pooza out to dry, but I definitely am not under the impression that any of that is malicious or intentional
It feels like there’s maybe a possible bias from some of us against that team and that’s clearly pretty bad and I’m not sure what’s causing it
I am simply giving up on having this conversation
All I want to do is have a conversation with captains around why all of our fucking games are so goddamn miserable to everyone in them.
Period end of sentence
I'm not reading chat for like 24 hours I'll be back when I'm less frustrated

I get what youre saying about wanting to make sure people are having fun. However, I think in this case its caused purely by team strategy. If you create a team where you have a weaker area other teams are going to identify that and try to punish that area. That is a pretty universal thing in all of any type of competitive play. The issue occurs when in this instance MVP knows that they are running a weaker player and is not supporting them as much as that player needs. Pooza almost never gets any form of coverage, ganks, or help and is left to play against whoever his lane opponent may be. While yes its definitely important to make sure players are enjoying themselves in this case i think the talk with captains would have to be more about their own team structure and not what theyre doing to other teams. Lets also keep in mind that at the end of the season we have surveys for this reason so that if changes need to be made they can be made in the off season. I dont think that the general consensus is that people hate the server and arent having fun I think its just a few standout occurences that are making things seem negative overall.  {Reactions} prayge (2)  [2023/10/04 午後 10:43] camdotzip Uh i'll read this and have an opinion maybe when I get home :)

I have read the messages
This whole conversation feels skull-crushingly frustrating. We are not talking on the same line. We are instead discussing a situation in parallels.  We have established it is within the expectations of the format and game being played that having a weakside may cause tensions.  It's known that weakside players may struggle, or hold a lot of pressure from the team.  Pooza is a player who is playing weakside, and who is becoming increasingly frustrated with the large disparity in skill between himself and his lane opponents.  I know current and past players who have felt the same, and instead of having their captains reach out due to worry of said frustration, have silently left the server or have thought about doing so.  Erik's proposal is that we have identified a patterned problem, and we have to come together to find a solution.  Jonah's argument is that there is no fault, and it is a symptomatic problem of League of Legends.  I am biased toward Erik's suggested plan of action since, as I've said, I value a "fun economy" pretty heavily when it comes to games, despite being so competitive myself.  Notably, I have called it a 'plan of action' because the statements made by these two people are like ships passing in the night. Neither addresses the other because we have not stopped to talk about that. Not a direct fault of anyone involved, it's just a problem when people begin to express opinions.  Now, as we look at the problem that has been presented to us, are we to take action? If we do not, then players such as Pooza will continue to suffer in our environment. If we do decide to take action, I agree that it cannot be litigation, but instead a 'player's agreement' of some sort. Excuse my use of the word "agreement" as I don't mean it literally. Anyone who is familiar with EDH might know of establishing a Rule 0 conversation.
Other servers have obviously encountered similar problems in the past, hence why some are gated based on rank.
felt that first line so hard
I would like to create an environment where our low-point heroes can have as much fun as everyone else. While not taking away enjoyment of the game from our high diamond and masters players.  I would also like to note that this is not as much of a problem in sign-ups as it is during team format, but I'm sure we can all understand why.
This is not an easy fix, I don't think anyone would expect it to be, and my first proposal would just be a message to all higher-ranking players about the environment we try to cultivate. It would not suggest they hold themselves or their team back from playing the game, but instead to recognize we are a server who is friendly to all ranks, and to keep that in mind. I'm okay with being told this idea is garbage, but I'd rather start somewhere.
Well said cam
“I have read the messages”  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/10/04 午後 11:21] nomulus I meant
LMAO I HAD THE SAME THOUGHT
Skull-crushingly frustrating
But I am dumb
lol that's really funny
nah noam i realized soon after but immediately i had a double take
I think it’s a good idea in principle but I’m not sure what a solution would look like, I think valors take on it is that pooza playing into good players is not the problem, but when it seems like a team drops their normal gameplan just to beat pooza, whether that’s an accurate description of what’s happening or not, that’s when it sucks.  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/04 午後 11:24] jeandones He also seems to think that it wouldn’t be an issue if pooza were in another role, which I don’t entirely disagree with but I don’t think forcing low Elo top laners to role swap is a good solution at all
I agree, that's also what I'm taking from Valor's statements. I am also not sure what a 'good solution' would even begin to look like here.
I think because we are trying to include all ranks we have a great space for players in the bronze-emerald/low dia range and it’s just gonna suck a little for the edge cases.  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/04 午後 11:25] camdotzip I think that one thing we can take from it, however, is that on paper the actions MetaBusters took against MVP and Pooza seem bad-mannered.
Rift Sharks as well, but again purely on paper.
My fear with GAing something is that it’s going to make people feel like they have to tip toe and play around stuff which might be a net negative  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/04 午後 11:26] jeandones We had 5 players available 😭
im not saying that we shouldnt think about it. but there are alot of issues with what youre proposing. i think the best possible solution for us is to stay out each individual conversation and instead just remind captains to communicate with their players to find strategies that everyone is comfortable with
Something something scheduling
Yeah I think what Jonah is going for is that if this is a conversation to be had it should just be done in captain chat and not us reaching out to each captain individually, which is what it seemed like was being suggested
This is a possible solution, and I'm all here for it. From what I understand you're thinking we stay mostly hands-off and provide a reminder to the players of the server, yeah?
Which I agree with
I'm totally for a reminder to the captains. I think if any group, they should be the first line of communication for something like this.
What makes it tough is I think valor is working with pooza on it they just can’t find a compromise, because I think the solution that makes pooza the happies requires a lot more practices and planned strategy than what that team has, which isn’t necessarily a systemic issue or even something that is valors fault
I think the ideal fix(?) might just be encouraging captains to discuss their teams vibes in captain chat more often
Because if we knew that andromedas lane swap upset pooza a lot maybe meta busters wouldn’t have done it too
I don't know if we can take that stance
What stance
I really don't like the idea of limiting strategies because the other team gets upset about it
I don’t mean that you can’t, but if you have full info it leads you to make informed decisions
it kinda goes directly against what we're working for with more accurate points
If you think two strats are equally good but one will make the other team sad you maybe choose the other one
Again, I think what both of you are saying can co-exist
Because Dean is addressing the fun-economy and encouraging communication between teams, while Stanley wants this issue to remain out of litigation, because opening that door will cause a lot of chaos (as Jonah has been saying)
Right I’m not saying
Don’t do anything that upsets another team
But if your team is frustrated about something having a more open line of communication would be good
We should not *enforce* any kind of change that comes along because of this. But I agree that if Valor communicated this to the other captains, it might be taken into consideration during draft. If Noam and I had known about this during our games I would have been hesitant to go top.
I think there have only been 2 big issues this season but both of them weren’t talked about at all until they reached the point that they were a big issue  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/04 午後 11:33] jeandones Exactly.
And now that they've been talked about, what should we do?
I think this is 100% an internal MVP problem
* is the question we have to be asking, instead of choosing non-action.
I think the 3 people who have maybe lane swapping are in here and have heard valors opinion, and I think Noam is on top of the other one
So I think we are good tm
Right but choosing to take that stance only hurts pooza and mvp
If you want to do that and continue having andromeda do whatever it takes to win that’s your choice as a captain, but I might think twice as a captain about putting drago top again knowing this info
Just because I don’t want to win in a way that would make someone want to quit the game
Bot#8380 in 11 years now
Sure but
if it's our best strategy
and without it we lose
we have 5 people upset
I
Right that’s why we are saying inform you not dictate your decision
I'm not sure we can me responsible for how the enemy teams feels (outside of BM obv)
this implies judgment
if you choose one specific action
I get what you're saying. Like for example during the Rift Sharks games what would they have done given they only have 5 available players?
Probably would have shot them a message, hey we only have 5 players, not much we can do
Feels very lose-lose, but I think Dean's on the right track. Explaining your side to Valor for next time might make the situation easier to digest for Pooza.
But it really seems like we have 3 main options: 1. Do nothing, and the only issues we see are huge issues that have been held to a breaking point 2. Open forum, where you have more info, and maybe seem like a bad guy but you’re at least aware of how your actions affect others 3. Tell people to not try to win above all else
I think all 3 have issues
I think the second one is probably the closest to a win
1 sucks because these huge blowups, or internal problems untreated suck a LOT
In team format, I don't think 3 is an option.
3 sucks because yeah
Shouldn’t really be an option for signups if we want points to work
So I think 2 is the best, obviously it’s going to be more clear when you are trying a strat just to win but at least that’s understood by all parties
I think we can all recognize most players don't try-hard as much in sign-ups, I think it's just natural and points seem to mostly be working even with that.
2 implies 3
No it doesn’t
Not directly at least
Honestly I think Stanley kind of has a point here? Just that if you tell someone the consequences of their actions, (it makes someone upset) they can either continue with those actions or change their behavior (and maybe lose % points)
number 3 is not possible period  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/04 午後 11:44] redloheb_ you cannot tell people they have to try to not throw points but cant try too hard to stop people from feeling bad
I think we should try to workshop #2.
I think considering this specific situation, pooza is upset because he feels like people just wanna get fed off of him, but if you’re able to communicate between teams that you simply thought it was necessary strategically I think that can ease a lot of things  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/04 午後 11:46] jeandones Any captain can understand this part
So saying that you need to do something unless your team will be upset is a super understandable reason
i think before we even open a forum we just remind captains to make sure they are having discussions with their team
Okay so Dean's interpretation of #2 happens after the fact, and Stanley's happens before. I think that's where the disconnect is.
and then we can revaluate later
The goal of 2 is to avoid strategies just occurring to upset somebody
Good example could be after the series vs mvp where Iya publicly aired that roleswapping was frustrating to them, our team has communicated any roleswaps to them
If Iya didn’t say anything we might not have done so, and we won’t gain a huge advantage off of doing so, if anything, but now people are less upset
Seems like a win win
Like, after champ select and before game? MTB role-swapped against them and had everyone in the correct positions during the custom lobby but we still had some complaints raised.
(as in i was top and noam was mid, it was questioned, and we said it was correct)
I’m not sure, but they asked us specific questions for some info on our roles and I gave it
You typing, Stanley? I'm interested to hear your view since I think it has value as Andromeda's captain. You're another team in a similar position.
Might not have to other teams who don’t care as much
my take is that while it does suck to get smashed their team is built like ours with a weakside top. now alana probably could have more fun in games if she wasnt perma against high elo players BUT we discussed it as a team and felt that this was the best comp for us. Thats why i think its just something that valor needs to discuss with his team what can they do to make sure pooza has a better time
If we want competitiveness in our leagues, in my opinion, we need to not suggest people to choose strategies based on how upset it makes the other team.  I do think that them being upset is an issue, but it shouldn't be the opposing team's job to account for that. I don't see the reasoning of adding moral dilemmas into how we plan for the games.  Clarifying that these strats are done purely for strategic advantage is fine, and I assume some degree of this already happens. I think encouraging this more is fine.  If pooza is upset that he's losing top lane, theres unfortunately nothing we can do without sacrificing competitive integrity, and I believe the responsibility falls on valor to find a solution within MVP  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/10/04 午後 11:56] camdotzip Alana has complained to me several times about this being the case and has addressed that they'd like to retire this season or role-swap due to the conditions. I do not mean to invalidate your experience, but I do think it is worth mentioning that with the example you are giving, the player in question is still suffering and their enjoyment is at a low.
I just think there’s a huge distinction between valor at the beginning of the season saying “don’t beat up pooza too hard” vs saying “pooza is considering quitting the league and I’ve tried everything I can think of, so if you could stop roleswapping into him that would be helpful” because obviously we 3 captains know it but not all 6. At the very least it allows other captains to offer their input or solutions to help valor out, even if they don’t want to stop lane swapping.
the moral dilemmas are going to exist anyway, this is a question of if it’s more important for every team to be tryharding 100% in team format or if it’s more important to not have people feel like they have no help in a situation where they are no longer having fun
Being ignorant to a players suffering doesn’t mean they aren’t suffering
Right but
that's not our responsibility
IF
people were like
"Pooza I hate you so I am goingto send 369 to lane against you"  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2023/10/04 午後 11:58] teslaplasmabolt that is our responsibility
I think Stanley has a really good point here, but Pooza's situation feels like a step above *because* Valor has specifically reached out for help. Is there really nothing we can offer Pooza or Valor as a solution?
because that's toxicity
Right but if valor says something we can in that situation tell him that it’s not just to spite pooza. From their perspective they have no way of knowing it’s not malicious if they can’t communicate about it

Does Valor / Pooza think the roleswapping is malicious? Or do they think it's predatory
but if he's just getting upset because valor's team comp puts a lot of stress on him to perform and he's not equipped to deal with that, there is nothing we can do while still having competitive games
at that point pooza just needs a different role in the team
I was under the assumption he believed people were taking advantage of Pooza being a weaker player, and preying on that.
yes but that is how competitive teams work
the issue is valor designed the team that way
and pooza doesn't like being in that role
I'm asking for Dean's point. I think that malice specifically is very important in this context. If things are done out of malice then admin interference makes sense.
Unless it was just a "I chose this word don't think too hard about it" kind of thing
I mean valors quote is “I mean I know it’s a move to win but where’d the fun go lol”
IF MVP is under the understanding that we hate pooza then yes I agree, we can address that and this is fixable easily
I don’t think he thinks we hate them
Pooza has refused to play any other role per valor
like i said it sucks to get smashed im not saying that alana is having the time of her life this season. but even thought shes not having as much fun we at least discussed it and came to an agreement for something that is manageable for the season. anyone is free to roleswap whenever they want especially in the off season. right now our top laners consist of some of the strongest players in the server its just a tough place to be playing this season.  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/05 午前 12:03] teslaplasmabolt Then I personally just think he's asking for the games to be non-competitive
not league role, team dynamic role
I think im gonna step away and think about this for a bit, some good points were brought up and a solution seems less obvious now. Especially because team format is our most competitive format.
So we are just saying pooza can’t have a place in team format unless he stops caring about getting smashed?
Not saying that’s a good or bad take
Just want to be clear on it
No
I'm saying that currently, pooza is kinda put on an island fighing god alone  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/10/05 午前 12:04] jeandones Unless he stops caring about wanting to play top lane and getting smashed
nvm ignore that message
What pooza does and how they play around him is MVP's responsibility
If he doesn't like the role he's in, the only options I can see being realistic are either
MVP switches up the roster/ plays more towards top side
no it means that poozas team as his firends who invited him to the server and as his team need to work with him to help him mitigate his losses and not feel like hes being smashed as hard  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/10/05 午前 12:05] teslaplasmabolt Or pooza doesn't play
we know pooza specifically mentioned how hes not good enough to recieve ganks from his jungler. this is not an inssue with the teams hes playing against it is an issue within mvp that needs to be discussed
Because MVP puts him in a bad spot doesn't mean that they can request for other teams to change strategies
Solutions have to start and end with them
What if it was phrased in a way where valor could communicate the issue he is having to captain chat and it would allow other captains to help him problem solve  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/05 午前 12:13] teslaplasmabolt That I think is a good idea
Sure sounds good
Keeps the responsibility to MVP but allows for him to reach out
I really like that actually
put it to a vote?
(i am for bc it sounds like a good solution)
Sure sounds good
So: Create a space for captains to reach out and ask for help in finding solutions to team problems?  {Reactions} 👍 (5) 👎  [2023/10/05 午前 12:17] teslaplasmabolt is this a good vote
Would that not just be captain chat?
Big fan of promoting more communication
Massive fan even
Yeah but make sure captains know it’s also a spot to discuss team issues in addition to scheduling
it could be in there and we could send a message encouraging the communication, or we could have a captain help channel, I think we decide on that after the vote though
the general idea is waht we vote on rn
Imo we already have too many channels  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/10/05 午前 12:19] camdotzip So is the first step for something like this to reach out to Valor and encourage him to start the discussion? Is that what I'm understanding?
Vote is 5-0 rn so it’s passed
I think just a general message is fine
If valor feels this is something important to bring up he can
If it’s just something he was frustrated about today but thinks he has it under control I don’t want to make him feel forced to
I am worried only of the possiblity that he feels too [awkward] to bring it up without us setting the stage, but Valor does not seem like that type of person so I may be overthinking it.
So in that case, sounds good to me.
I think if he doesn’t say anything after a day or so we can reach out
I just don’t think we should preempt it
For now yeah
We just send a message encouraging captains to reach out and ask for advice if their team is experiencing issues
I think we don't have to wait to send a message preempting use of the channel for communcation between captains about things that they are issues
Doesn't have to/ shouldn't be about that specifically
I give you guys a starting point
If I keep going Jacob says I will be doing too much \:) and also shot
The Discussion call isn’t real
Surely
me and jacob were flexing
and then erik joined to flex
and then jonah joined to tell erik he's cringe (this is a joke)
Flexers call isn’t real
Surely
I just came to say hello
yes we are admin abusing \:)
real
i'd play 1 flex if u guys wanna 5 stack
I am laying in bed
should we dodge
I go sleep soon
i'll take that as a no probably
he joined call and I yelled "ADMIN ABUSE"
dude ur gonna give me ptsd
thought if i didnt leave that call the other night dean was gonna show me the 22 under his chair

22 ain’t gonna do shit xdd

I’m free from the shackles of unpaid labor

what does this mean

He shot someone at goodwill

huge

school
Just gotta release a new update\
Also, am aware that the name and record looks kinda big in draft, its already fixed i just cba to upload a new picture of it
This looks so good dean
:D
Ive been lazy
this was not hard to do
Im updating roster tool so that more of this info can get autofilled, puts more responsibility on captains compared to casters which I think is probably good tbh? But we will see
I'm thinking we dont require anything until next season but it should be really easy to update when captains update roster/side
What kind of stuff would they have to enter for these assets?
Like results?
yeah, update season/week as needed and series score
Will be buttons to do it
That would be suuper nice as a caster
not manual for the most part
my big concern is that captains dont really update side select from the roster tool ever so I'm not sure they will do this until we require it
In my opinion
But ideally this means asset creator will be ready to go as soon as the caster gets out of game
We should require locking in rosters at the very least much earlier
thats a completely separate discussion
Yeah
My take on it is that youre able to sub mid series so having to account for multiple rosters/plan draft quickly isnt that big of an issue, especially since thats something you get to practice in signups
I just think it's makes logistics easier
In a few different areas
Which areas
Namely assets and captain communication to their players
If rosters are entered when they are supposed to be that's a non issue tho
We are all very actively engaged in the server, so prepping for a variety of rosters is easier for us
But for a lot of players having time to look up stuff about a more defined team would make that more reasonable for them
What's our current timing supposed to be?
right after side select is given
I was referring to the assets part
I also think giving casters more time to prep matchup discussion is useful
anytime assets would need to be created everything should be entered
I'm hesitant to move it much earlier tbh, the amount of times even in just this season where stuff has come up leading to last minute roster changes is more than I can count on a single hand
Has happened to our team a couple times, mvp once or twice, spectres more than once, and meta busters has been unsure of roster at game start time more than once afaik
NYNB had mike no show
Andromeda only team without issues bc they run the same roster every game
I can't speak about other teams
But for us it's been because we talked about it and then never decided who was playing because we didn't have to until just before the game
If deadline was earlier it'd make it more consistent for us
For the rest of the teams thats not been the case
this is obviously an issue regardless
I also just think locking in rosters for game 1 early and saying "only prep for these 5 players" is a bit questionable when mid-series roster changes can happen, I think its better overall to let people keep their minds open
I think captains (read as me) could probably be better about sharing roster ahead of time when they know it but I've been better about that when I actually know the roster
I think this falls in the same category as the stuff the other day in that it falls on the captains and not us to create a new rule
Also I think most of the time if a caster asks for roster in advance teams will usually communicate it to them even if they havent to the other team already and I think its a bit of a false argument saying that more than 1 or 2 casters do ANY prep before game goes live
I get what you're saying and disagree on some of it
But I definitely agree that this is something that we should hear from the captains and not come from me or another non-captain admin
this is fair
I mean personally my big issue is an earlier required roster time would help a little bit in 80% of situations but would cause HUGE problems whenever a mid series sub or a last minute necessary roster change occurs. Those are definitely rare but adding additional situations where teams could potentially be punished for something out of their control just doesn't sit as a positive change in my book
Especially when most of those last minute roster changes are already really stressful to the teams they happen to so adding the additional stress of it being against a rule or against the spirit of a rule would be incredibly unfun
I dont disagree with you on the benefits of the change, I just think theres a lot of cons to it that outweigh them
Imo potential mid-series roster flex should be communicated to the other captain regardless of the time rosters need to be locked in, so I don't think that would be any different if the roster lock in is earlier
Since we've changed the way matched are set up, the only kind of last minute changes are for surprise situations (since captains should have the full planned availability of the players when sharing with you) as far as I understand it
In the case where you lock in a roster early having that changed last minute would disrupt prep
So that case is a downside for sure
Some teams work up against peoples work hours and arent 100% sure of if people will be avail at game time or not
Thats a thing for Drago and Avery that I know of for sure but I assume it would apply to some other teams too
Looks rly good
There have def been a few series that I've scheduled where its "these 5 if x person isnt avail but if they happen to be then we run x 5 instead"
😊
yeah it looks sick i like
This is fair
I wish the parenthesis werent so tall in the font
I think my conclusion is
We should encourage captains to provide rosters earlier if they have them if they want to
yeah i agree with this
been doing better abt it personally
Bot#8380 shrug i think themed games years worlds so both teams coach
yep cock
I am curious why the "Join ScrimZone" moved
Unless you will continue to run banner ads in the bottom left
And that is different
yeah its been in both places for
quite a while
lmao
like a year and a half
Hehe
lmao
I do watch games ! I am just an idiot
its super easy to miss if youre not looking for it
Yeah it got added in Season 3 when we added the overlay
double checked

Ok yeah roster tool should have more functionality
looks ugly but
whole site needs a css bbl
which will happen at some point tm
having to reenter that stuff repeatedly

Why not have asset creator remember the last input values
That would require more effort than what I just did
The asset creator is almost entirely js so refactoring it would be a pain, roster tool is already set up to do that kind of stuff

@Jacob make ping for game ?
Bot#8380 ok
^ what he said

get ready for if MB wins
we're going to need all hands on deck
i mean
do we?
roster is incredibly low points
i mean like
or you just mean managing reaction?
because yeah
i expect season dicussion blowing up
yes
i'm gonna cry man
thats what I meant
I just wanted to do a silly little cast with my friend erik
could be gunpowder
If we’re talking about things, not being good looks I think complaining about Rex points on stream is pretty bad
:)
In chat or in audio

putting it here but I slowmoded season-dicussion for 2m
to try and slow the arguments

Hey guys
MVP FFd game 2
FFing is ok right?
no
Not in team format
did they win g1?
oh really?
im not watching
Yes
yeah but it doesn't matter
yeah
if they won 1 game 1 its fine
team format we changed it this season
ff not allowed
oh i Forgot
right
they probably just didnt reaf it then
what is the penalty
did it list one
idk
its the first season and we just changed the rule
id just let them know and move on
Yeah
someone else needs to do it
Bot#8380 get random k
they will absolutely mental boom if one of us says it
we will let them know later
just play the series
yup
we can remind them when everything has cooled off
Also Rex ? is probably not ideal
i mean
we can move past that
no one expects a team to ff
i wasnt watching but that feels more like a confusion thing than a bm thing
@Dean we shouldnt discuss that in season discussion rn
its a bad idea
my interpretation was that in signups no one actually has to play the roles the bot assigns them
I think it’s disallowed yeah
its just a recommendation
i feel like thats how we have always played it
I assume people simply didn’t read team format rules
If someone can confirm that we can talk to mvp after the series
Oh y’all already said that oops
Internet explorer is me
@Dean is this wrong?
I mean it’s not but the roles still have an impact on team formation
i mean
i know that
but the whole point was to clarify that roles dont affect where players are allowed to play
I think the wording of what you said implies something very different than what you meant
what do you mean by this?
Your message in season discussion reads as if the roles on player cards are a legacy feature and don’t do anything
But what you’re trying to convey is that they are just a suggestion
right
but
saying im wrong in season discussion doesnt help the situation
I think the message is misleading
Bot#8380 ye
is what im getting at
Probably should have sent the message here first tho
right
which i already apologized for
and asked in admin
what thoughts were
you could have just said in admin that i wasnt specific enough and i would have fixed it myself
but just saying im not correct could lead to mvp thinking i just straight up lied to them
which makes things worse
Didn’t see ur message here mb
all good just trying to get things on the same page
like i said my bad for posting in season discussion before asking i was just trying to smooth over the situation
Maybe I dont remember the conversation and someone can clarify
I thought we said that you could surrender games as long as they don't determine the series (ie game 1 and game 2 if surrendering would make the series 1-1)
Right that was changed for team format in the new rules
Ok
But yeah confusing b/c most people don’t read the rules
Put we can soy point at them now
Bro has a point
But wording could be better
we ordered door dash at 6:30
Tough one to handle
it arrived at 7:10
Not the DoorDash….
better than doordash pause no?
They both suck
Tbf
I understand expressing frustration
But doing so like that?
After we're mega tilted from missing our midlaner?
Like idk I just don't like the verbiage of it
im with Noam here
Agreed
Idk if it’s something that should be handled tn tho
that's fair
Lots of emotions rn
okay!

Cylako shit is like super questionable yeah
Not sure what the actual ruling on it would be tm
Because it’s clearly meant to offend but hard to prove that
I think message him and ask him why he is saying “or it”
I might be with Pooza here. Obviously MTB situation sucks but it does feel slightly disrespectful of timing. Moving on
Something definitely needs to be done I just want it to be as smooth as possible
As for Cylako, it might be best to wait as emotions might be high. That or we write this down as an instance and reach out on another offense. At best this is ignorance (which it probably is given his history) mixed with being salty about a game loss
I don’t think that matters for something like this
Tbf
It seems like both
That’s why I want to ask him why and not come in as accusatory
And figure it out from there
Jonah if you want to handle that probably makes the most sense
does it?
maybe it do
Stanley discovers internal dialogue
oh my internal dialogue is massive
every word I write there is 1000 in my head
I found the source of the NA suck sphere
Staniel's massive dome
Either that or you have bpd not sure
Yeah @Jonah can you just ask him why he is using it as a third option?
Just screenshot whatever he says
@Dean why is scrimzone blocked in china
Why wouldn’t it be
It’s not state approved
oh ok

@Dean Blake's good to re-sign to NYNB right?
Yup I’ll do when I get home
I can give role now
if that helps
Sure yeah

Did anyone ever message valor about the FF?

Not that I’m aware of but we were waiting for today for that anyway

I can message both cylako and valor about the 2 things, I don't think anyone else has
to cylako: Hey, I was just wondering why you were using "it" as a third option in a couple messages last night, could you explain that? Didn't want to assume anything before talking to you.
Does that work?
Just want an ok or 2
Sorry I didn’t get around to messaging cylako I can say that if you want
sure that would work
I think if he seems genuinely confused then we explain to him why its not correct and follow up with mason but if he gets combative then we try to figure out what the penalty is
I think it would fall under harassment if he asks for a specific reason, as the language is offensive/harmful to a group of ppl in the server
after sleeping on it i think its bc of masons summoner name but we will see
You think he did it b/c of mason's summoner name?
That is my guess yeah
Mason wasn't in in the series
was he typing in season discussion?
and i personally doubt cylako has any clue what mason's name is in game
could be wrong about that tho for sure
I would disagree on this one
But yeah i wasnt sure if his first use of it preceded masons messages or not
this is first instance as far as discord search allows me to reasonably confirm
hoping its just ignorance
then he said it again twice yesterday
right

Point changes are looking great btw!
Biggest changes from just team format are looking like around 2.15 currently for rex and stav, with -1.46 for the andromeda players
This is well within the thresholds we'd want  to see for end of season and the skew is more towards overperforming specific players
with the old system, andromeda would all be -2, and Stav and Rex would be at 2.5, which seems better except every spectres player would also be at 2.5 which is not as accurate
this is not counting the most recent series @Noam @Jacob if one of u could enter would be perfect :isforme:
Will enter when I get home \<3
tysm
Is spectres going up by a lot not accurate? They've lost 1 series and are at 80+% wr
Theyre all going up about 1.3 currently
But theyre beating a lot of teams that they should be beating anyway, which shouldnt compound their point increase
which is what we are trying to address
Gotcha
you mean how their loss was against players who are underpointed?
tldr is that mythikk is with teammates who are also overperforming  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/09 午後 12:20] jeandones Metabusters for the most part is not going up very much, its just rex and stav
because those are the players who are performing well
I understand that haha am just trying to gain some insight into the workings of our machine overlord scrimblo
The difference is going to be more apparent with teams that change rosters a lot, teams with consistent rosters are just going to see smaller point sway
Yeah
I mean its really hard to exactly identify whats causing the change
Bc we worked out how the formula will affect each point differential but we arent seeing hte point differential of every game
if that makes sense
the old system you could just do (W - L) * .5
new system theres no way to calculate point impact just by viewing winrate
in signups only it should still be pretty close to this -> (W - L) * .5
which is intended as signup balance has been pretty good
word, thanks for the info
Yepp
goal was to affect team format rating overcorrection and keep signups intact and its working 100% as intended
which is like, super relieving
Last question, could you explain this one?
Is it because smaller sample space leads to bigger changes?
if not all players are playing every game its easier to identify which players over overperforming vs underperforming
like
metabusters went down early in season bc they were losing
but now we're winning with rex/stav?
rex comes in and is 5-0 rn, so hes going to have a lot of points but everyone else is now just evened out or only slightly ahead
yeah
so their points are impacted greatly
makes sense thanks dean
yeppp
np
Bc with teams that run the same roster every time, eventually they are just expected to win or lose, so if those outcomes are occuring already theres no need to further adjust the points if that makes sense
if points says SPC > M31, then we dont need to adjust the points that much if that result occurs
Bot#8380 obviously it’d assume
It allows us to preserve the "get everyone to 50% wr" in signups AND gives us a better idea of team balance for team format
would it ever make sense to two separate point values for the two formats?
It made more sense before you edited it  {Reactions} 😄  [2023/10/09 午後 12:32] jeandones But no, It would make it too hard to place people into even teams to begin with
To be clear, the point formula is the same for both formats, just signups are guaranteed to be 2 teams that have even point values, while team format isn't so the formula is going to affect the formats differently
and signups do a really good job of seeing how peoples skill level changes in between seasons
a better way to phrase this would be "get everyones signups wr to 50%" AND have fair team format teams
makes sense

They have such a scapegoat complex it's insane
Dean is so much more patient than I am
You're a saint :churchofmiles:
People are gonna throw rocks through my window if we have 5 teams next season  {Reactions} 😔 (2)  [2023/10/09 午後 01:27] jeandones Trying to keep the player count up
They're the first team to FF a team format game this season right
Like I'm not crazy in saying that it was never acceptable to do this during team format? (This season)
Did nut busters?
No they stuck out the game that Adam DC'd if I'm remembering correctly
Not that one
Early in season
Uhh
Not sure, did they?
I’m like 85% sure now that’s it’s brought up
Let me check
If I’m remembering correctly they got the same message valor did tho
Bot#8380 you get the enemy team captains or if i missed the casting tn we’s a bear pics
It wasn't an NYNB game if it happened
im not checking every vod
There wasn't anything about anyone ffing in admin logs
Which I assume it would be if it happened and was handled
maybeeeee
Although there isn't anything for this case so
Well it wasn't us, I know it wasn't RS or Spectres. Pretty sure Andromeda didn't, which leaves MVP and NYNB
I guess it doesn't say much LOL
And I'm also pretty sure NYNB didn't
they for sure havent i just checked vods
Yeah
MVP clearly haven't or they would have mentioned it for sure
Must have been us
:3
Was tempted to game 1 yesterday
Same I wanted to leave my seat and not come back
This is why I am for ff'ing but i get it makes for boring cast
But it makes for not bored players which is more important :)
To be clear I am not for ffing  being allowed despite wanting to last night
I think the argument against it is trying to get teams to attempt to win games from behind instead of giving up
I think if it were allowed it would happen more and we'd miss out on a lot of comebacks
Imagine if our game 3 yesterday was game 2 and instead of sticking it out and taking elder and almost scaling back into the game MVP just FFd at 20
exactly

I think game logger borked?
which one
all 3 of them lol
I'm editing it in manually
did you use the update or the old version
update I'm pretty sure?
hm!
there aren't entries for red side game 2 and all of game 3
and idk how to manually add entries
would it work if i deleted the entries for games 2/3 from games tab and then did it the old way?
no
i can fix bc it was my fault
if you want
idk how to fix then xd
but its insiert at the top
insert
that i can do
just leave the id blank
but lmk if you want me to do it
if you went 0/0/1 in the top lane and won the game
yes
yeah 😄
damn 1 kp
asking bc it gave a bunch of character errors when I hit go
the top lane experience
That looks good xd
noam did you by chance type one wrong and then delete it?
it double entered for rex and garrett
Oh
maybe because i wrote LeeSin instead of Lee Sin
I can just run some sql code to fix it
just get in what you can
i will have to strip and redo the indexing
No
i cri
sorry dean
should I do game 3 or just send to you
Ill get game 3
sent me
send me
sent you
@Noam bans worked tho?
can you confirm stats page
games are up but i want to double check that they are right
Looks correct i'll double check
yuh'

@Noam it was actually you lmaoooo
You spelled ur mid laners name wrong
And everything blew up
Bot#8380 chad + how do you basically i could be spiraling for you want a struggle for the short range 600 ap build. tomorrow

xdd
how did i spell it
what does this mean

I mean does it really matter that much in the grand scheme of things
At least they enjoyed a game
or smth
They're mad over pettiness yesterday and then she says that
Idk
I will let it go
probably not the best idea to let so many things go from one team
honestly
ok its bothering other people
i say we take a look at it
How do we handle this without making it seem like we are just cracking down on them hjarder
what do you mean
we can say we've recieved messages from other players
hmm yeah
Nah I agree w this
do you mean
charcking down on them harder than everyone else
or cracking down on them harder for something we already talked to them about
they already have the perception that we don't like them
I just think victim syndrome exists and they will tilt incredibly hard
Give them time to cool
^
Sure but they are like
upsetting others/causing problems
no other team does this
Yes i understand and I think the best course of action is to handle this....after they are away from it for a bit
they just had two unfortunte series back to back
Esp having 2 series b2b
^
We are a small enough server to have the ability to wait, I think we should take advantage
If we were larger I'd agree immediate action is best esp since it's upsetting some people
But those some people happen to be our friends or people we're closer to, so if it really upsets them I'm sure you can have a one-on-one to explain our side, is my take

I would say just let them look like assholes except the fact that we have received a dm abt it which I think pushes the line
At least an announcement would be good
Along the lines of “season discussion is for discussing the season, not discussing rules ( #suggestions ) or for flaming other teams (belongs nowhere)

@Admins can someone make sure all the games from tn are logged and in the right order

what is the "Silent" role

Is logger tool working again?

Yeah
Same as players but you don’t get pinged when players is pinged
Can do in a sec
Has been around for 2+ years just not used very heavily

Yesterday's games logged
Should I also log the signup
yes pls
can do
Signups logged
did you forget to check which team won?
Not showing up anywhere 😦
no I did
It says it isnt set
that's weird
if I did forget it was only for one game
none of them got logged at all
try the first one again?
ok
logged nynb vs mvp game 1 again
okay I might know what it was
I typed Aurelion Sol for a ban
This time I typed AurelionSol
All 4 games had an ASol ban
Just redo?
no i changed something it should probably be fixed
but yeah you have to reenter
but entering in the ban wrong wouldnt break anytghing
all done
ty
sorry about the troubles Stanley's song is simply too much of a banger for me to concentrate
no worries it was my fault i think
typo when fixing the bug yesterday if I had to guess  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/10 午後 06:03] redloheb_ I forgot about this game
Could be part of the reason pooza was upset
Yesterday, following the series, I was in call talking with Blake and Mike. From what I gathered, Blake joined NYNB with the intention of ensuring that MVP lost, aiming to boost Andromeda's chances of making it to the playoffs. Additionally, it appeared to me that neither Blake nor Mike is particularly optimistic about NYNB's success for the rest of the season. Blake hinted that he won't participate in any more series for NYNB, and Mike suggested that their drafts would become less serious.
(Blake and Mike's motive here seems to be helping their friends on Andromeda)
On the surface, there is absolutely nothing wrong with blake joining the team and winning. And if he doesn't play anymore (based on their season record so far) it wouldn't be weird if NYNB don't win any series for the rest of the season
That feels contradictory they want matt and al's points to go down not rise
Not saying you're wrong but that feels weird
I’ve also heard what Jacob said yeah
Oh wicked
Although I got the impression it was more b/c blake didn’t like iya
I think we should talk to Will and ask him to keep an eye on Mike
Didn’t hear the less serious drafts part
This is fair
It's really hard to tell if their drafts become wacky
I mean look at yesterday lol
But if he notices comms are different or anything else
Tbf throwing team format games won’t do much for you
So I don’t think it’s a huge concern
Yeah
The intention is the issue
Unless they throw vs andro
\:)
That's why I decided to say something now
Ya
Basically what I heard from Will is that Blake wanted to join back and play he asked his team if they wanted Blake to play for more than just this series and they all seem to not want him to do so I think a lot of people on that team are upset with Blake because of previous things but I think maybe they just wanted a win before the season was over
And thought Blake into pooza would do that
That seemed reasonable to me so I didn’t bring it up
I haven't talked to the rest of NYNB but Blake and Mike's motives seemed to be 1) dislike of various members of MVP and 2) Wanting to keep androm in playoffs contention
I will say according to will in captain chat it seems their remaining games will either not be played or will be played with Blake
So eyes might be on Blake and Mike in those games

Don't wanna take any credit away from Andromeda for how cleanly they're piloting this comeback but
Thoughts on Mike this game?
definitely did not feel like mike was inting  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/10/10 午後 10:03] redloheb_ i think briar is just rough into that
Some of these plays looked 5Head and some looked rough lol appreciate your input
i think its just briar has to take r when she hits it
so
she goes running in
Agreed with Jacob and Jonah here
That game seemed fine
👍

Beginning of game 2 was just a series of unfortunate events  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/10 午後 10:30] .jaspr Obviously the drafts were wild
But that was fully expected

IM LOGGING
bet
LOGGED

wtf does the red outline mean
nvm
it is hover
:)

Can someone ping for signups
yuh

@Admins again lets make sure we are using the spectator role for letting people watch!
Dont give team roles
thank you
Can i get everybodys confirmation on this one?  {Reactions} 👍 (4)  [2023/10/11 午後 09:54] jeandones Something weve discussed before
We needed to ask Logan something and he couldn't unmute
Mb
Unrelated to series

I’m blocking Rex for my own sanity hopefully this does not cause any problems
ok cylako off the deep end
this is
not good
Oh boy
What am I missing
stated opinions on trans people
He loves them and accepts them ?
:)
clueless
:2023tigerclueless:
could we get like a quote
to keep in the logs
I don't remember the exact wording
Or just a big tldr at the end
But it was to the effect of "I don't want to interact with trans people in this server"
Noam can confirm
Ok he can leave the server then
That’s cool
Says he uses it because he knows a person who goes by it and he is on that trans bullshit
if i am remembering correctly @Jacob
yeah
hm thats not good
Can u reword that’s not clear to me
it pronoun
he/she/it
Who is the 3rd he referring to
the friend
Oh so misgendering the friend
Got it
the trans friend but he said "he is on that trans"
i think
i mean
it sounds to me like the friend wants to be called by it
but obviously everything else is bad
This is what I take issue with
yeah
oh for sure
If he’s going off of people he personally knows that’s not necessarily a huge problem
That’s why I wanted someone to talk to him about it soon after the fact
he also said he dislikes the majority of people in the serer
Just to understand
(separate)
Bro can leave
No one’s keeping him in here
Like if he’s not vibing he doesn’t have to stick around dk why that needs to be someone else’s fault
agreed
he likes his team and he likes the people he's played with on mtb
not sure
what to do about this
idk if there is anything that can be done
other than keeping it in mind if he does something punishable
idk

well this does mean
the it stuff is active malice
that is true
i mean he said he does it because he knows someone who goes by it
yes but then when prompted to use "they" because it would make people more comfortable
he said this
true
christ i'm glad im out of that call
so fucking awkward and i don't think he realized
yeah
I was worried this would happen at some point
Glad two of us were in the call
And it was only us and him  {Reactions} ‼️  [2023/10/12 午前 12:12] .jaspr Best case scenario for sure
Did anyone ever message him individually?
About the other day
he said "he/she/it" in call so I brought it up
he didn't react like anyone had mentioned it before
Like we have our answer I was just curious
Seems like he’s not doing it to be offensive but also doesn’t care if he is being offensive (he is)
Hard to point out why tho!
B/c if his friend goes by it theres not really a way to put it that doesn’t insult that friend uk
Maybe just ask him to say “or whatever you prefer” or smth
Or just ask people pronouns instead of shotgun spray guessing

i mean I think 99% of people will see "he/she/they" as an attempt to be inclusive and will appreciate it no?
like without context "it" just sounds dehumanizing

Agreed

Man
> I don't think cylako should be using it to refer to non heteronormative people, it gives the wrong vibe and he didn't change after someone pointed it out to him
> really going to complain before during and after every series and then say this? someone needs to talk to mvp about their attitude im getting real tired of dealing with their entitlement and toxicity
@Admins can we work on finding a resolution for these 2? If we conclude nothing needs to be done thats fine but id like some sort of formal discussion on them
Thought cam was going to summarize but scrimrot got him
> So I just wanted to remind everyone that maybe it's okay to talk to other members of scrimzone as friends / people before just members of the server (through the lens of an admin), because that little bit of sincerity might make a big difference for a lot of people
This is the big point!

Did database login change?
Yeah I'm not sure why
it just stopped working

@Cam when ur alt joined did you get the list of tasks to do upon joining the server

Also may have accidentally deleted the main discord invite link
I updated it on: Website Twitch Youtube Stream Elements Twitter
Would it be anywhere else?
Yes, I think it did. I just clicked through though because I was on a time crunch.
ok, some people are saying its not showing up for them and im not sure why
would explain why everyone joins and doesnt register ....

That was also ab a month ago I think?

i figured it out
whappen

if you picked players or silent you lose access to welcome so it doesnt display the table

Games for today and yesterday should be logged
👑

This is the current first message in the rules channel: Harassment and Offensive Language of any kind is not allowed in Scrim Zone. Players of all ages are allowed to participate, so make sure any content shared is on par with or more appropriate than official Riot content. Hostaging or Forfeiting games in Scrim Zone is not allowed with the exception of forfeiting games in a series that would not lose you the series. Since this is a competitive game, some competitive banter is allowed/encouraged, but please use good judgement and don't make anything personal. Attendance to games you signed up for or agreed to play is required, as 9 other players will be waiting on you. Sometimes subs will be able to fill in, but repeated lateness/abscence may result in penalties or restrictions on future participation.
I think we should add in a line after the first sentence to clarify: This also includes language that excludes people, including but not limited to race, religion, sexual orientation or identity, and any other form of marginalization.
it works but I worry it doesn't stop the "ignorant" defence
this is pretty wordy
"any other form of" is doing the same as "including but not limited to"
hmm
agree with this
trying to think of a waterproof way to handle this
it should basically say "if youre corrected on something dont continue to do it"
but
hard to word that
Could try:  All of our players should not feel marginalized and you should be respectful of how players would like for you to speak to them.
Not sure though
All players are welcome in this server, so please be respectful of how other members would like to be addressed.  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/12 午後 11:54] jeandones ?
thats good
yeah that's good
i think that can prob just be the second line
agreed
Dean strikes once more
first sentence covers most of what you had in the first one, and wordiness unfortunately will just make people not read it (they dont anyway)  {Reactions} 🫡  [2023/10/12 午後 11:55] jeandones important to cater to our lazy audience lmao

@Stanley when did signups start sending at 6:00 am

Now that's inexplicable and fascinating

Did it swap off of utc maybe?

Most likely
Oh
I know
While I'm getting the new commands working
It's running off my pc
Which is ET
My server was the one that only used UTC for some reason
That explains it
ohhh

Don’t log games I need to redo the cast

@Admins can someone do signup announcement? I’m on mobile
It’s at 6pm b/c of clash
I can get it at like 2 but earlier is bettee

I got it
Ty
I’ll make sure games are in before signups start
Might have to log them before the re-record but we will see
why do the other announcements say 7:55 edt?
Wdym
am i allowed to just say eastern?
i feel it's less confusing
Yeah I just copy paste
cool cool
Or just est
EDT is dead now I think
Taken out back and shot
Thank god
What
nothing you can't prove i sent anything and then deleted it

games should be in
theres a game logger easter egg towards the middle of the second game in the vod now lmao

yippee!!!!!!!!!!
i love logger tool

> #rules page has been updated. Most of it is just rearranging the existing rules into a more readable form, but we have also added the line "All players are welcome in this server, so please be respectful of how other members would like to be addressed." in addition to the clarification "If someone corrects you, or asks to be addressed in a certain way, respect their request." They should be pretty self explanatory but just want to reiterate that everyone is welcome here and I'd like to continue to facilitate such an environment. If there's anything we can do better, please inbox an Admin or @Scrim Bot
can I get a couple thumbs on this?  {Reactions} 👍 (7)  [2023/10/16 午後 02:42] jeandones @Admins

Might want to update the no forfeiting allowed except for games that don't lose the series part to specify only signups

Not great
I removed it but like
Come on man

At some point we need to stop letting him do this stuff without penalty I think

I think that laugh reacting isnt something we can like, punish
If someone were to complain again that might be different
But he's expressing an opinion without like, directly harassing other people ig
It is lame but maybe we just let him be lame and things will work themselves put

i guess but deleting this stuff immediately is kinda like eh
feels like we're covering for him
if we have to do stuff like that but it never builds up to a punishment it feels to me we're being too lenient

I dont know if we should have removed the laugh
It only makes him feel justified and hides the behavior from others
yeah thats my point here
if he wants to be transphobic, let him be transphobic and let others call him oput on it/ complain
OR we remove this stuff but punish him for it
we can't remove this stuff and just let it slide indefinitely
bc this
hes only doing it because he knows that change to the rules is directed towards him

i will refrain from deleting in the future
to be fair id probably remove emotes clowning on rules posts regardless of who posted them
but i feel like theres a subset of things that people will do that no one will complain or report that are just like, not ideal
like borderline messages in chat or reactions like that
I think generally deleting them and not saying anything sends the message that its not cool and if its a reoccuring issue I think we can address it
Alana is a good example of this, lot of her messages have been deleted but none were a full issue, and now she sends more appropriate messages generally
obv Cylako is a different situation but in a general sense my point stands i think
hence probably
sometimes i just dont notice/forget
im defo inconsistent on it
will do better :joesalute:
Just wanted to make sure we were on the same page about if those type of posts were different or not
I think I agree it's best to treat them similarly to other rules posts
I think yes? Because laughing at that is not inherently harmful to people
Bot#8380 christ
But also agree with keeping it consistent is better
Yeah I'm kinda torn on how we'd handle the emote
Don't want it to seem like we're ignoring it but also don't want to lend credibility to his complaints

His complaints being that he feels that he isn't allowed to express his opinion?
Yeah, or that we're censoring people who don't agree with us
What's that saying?
"your right to swing your fist ends where my nose begins"
I guess in this instance the reactions aren't harming anyone
But just as a general response to the idea that we're removing his messages because it goes against our beliefs
clown emoji on  "no nilah" vs "please respect people's identities" is different I think
I think we all agree with this
oh ok I thought people were daying the opposite
language neurons diverted to cs department

"this instance" being nilah or the message i just sent
Cylako's reaction to the rules message

I think the reactions might be harmful  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/18 午後 03:11] jeandones if you see a message that everyone is included and someone is laughing at it  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/18 午後 03:11] jeandones i would count that as harmful  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/18 午後 03:35] .jaspr Fair

I was just thinking about it in this context

Sorry if thats not how an admin should respond
But that reply really irked me for some reason
its ok an was obviously being provacative

Think that’s probably a fair way to handle it  {Reactions} 👍 (3)  [2023/10/20 午後 01:24] jeandones @Stanley @Noam y’all free tmrw night?

For what
U are my format boys we discuss format
O K
Could I particiate in that conversation as well?
Yeah just want to make sure they’re both there
Gotcha
Bot#8380 spicey thank god
I will be yeah

For real do not use the season discussion channel for sign ups has only some players can’t even see the season discussion channel. Those who are not on the team are likely to not have it shown
Heard
Couldn't remember which one was correct for it, will remember from now on
Season discussion is specifically for team format  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/20 午後 10:17] jeandones Nothing more nothing less
My apologies captain
🫡

I can't log into database
didn't realize logger tool didn't recognize Bean's name until 3rd game

I’ll get it

Did not have the opportunity to hop on and discuss ln had a lot going on
We will see when works

on it
fixed

Did he have extra assists or was someone missing kills?
logger read it as 22 instead of 2
and i didn't catch that
That’s what I assumed

@Stanley if i log ours can you log yours?
ill lyk when im done
sure

@Stanley its in
ok ill log mine
M31 vs NYNB logged

i cant put general into slow mode
I mean
They clearly don't care
got it
Avery is getting something from this minimum i think
Lets figure out who else has crossed lines, I think just pooza
I am going to message Valor personally
just so you all know
@Admins want eyes on this  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/23 午後 06:11] camdotzip I feel they do not believe they are in a position to speak up, and I do not want that to be the case.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't seem some form of dogpiling onto MVP
whether they "deserve it" or not
There's for sure dogpiling
But they have also consistently complained about other teams doing things within the rules
what happen
it's due to their own instigations most of the time though
can someone recap for me
Avery sends message in all chat at end of game > GGs, you guys were in the wrong order tho
i send game screenshot to logs
there was another one after that
it was like
"youll get it next time"
or something
i don't think I have the ability to clip back that far
so we can log that later
"you'll get it next time tho"
ty
def need to look at avery and pooza after this
i think those 2 just get one week'd  {Reactions} 👍 (5)  [2023/10/23 午後 06:14] jeandones standard penalty for this kind of stuff and it shows we take both ends seriously especially since its going in to playoffs
doing nothing to either team would not be acceptable imo
yeah I think that's fair
@Admins thumbs on this?
Really don't like this approach from MVP personally
yeah
Should we start including where to find the offending rule in punishment messages?
Or is that not necissary
might be helpful
shows we don't punish off whim
Iya said she wanted to talk to us outside of the server
I think we can do a discussion call, having more than 2 of us is probably excessive
@Cam ik you wanted to talk
Lets do me you Iya and Valor after the series?
sounds good
i sent valor a message just saying that i'd like to hear him out
That sounds good yeah
what is an referncing
the pooza message?
I sent Pooza message in logs
Yes I would assume
I think it's purposeful
Personally
hes def like
Typing unprovoked in all chat
trying to push it
After loading in
Is not really heat of the moment
Imo
they're obviously upset. he's going for a "what can i get away with" angle. eye for an eye or whatever
if spectres dont complain i think we can just add it onto the comment in general
but the crime is nothing more than a formality
Pooza and Cylako for sure seem like they're just gonna leave after the season
I think Iya and Heroic likely will as well, and if they go so does Liz
Alternatively, valor said that most of the team is leaving the server after the season so he's being provocative on the way out
as much as i am sad about people feeling unwelcome and leaving, they're both outwardly transphobic so good riddance
i think we need more evidence for this
yeah if they aren't feeling welcome its probably bc people figured that out  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/10/23 午後 06:23] .jaspr just drawing from the evidence like you were about "eye for an eye"
Let's stop the conversation here unless anything else happens and wait for Dean and Cam to have that call
👍
Don't want everyone to get fired up and assume the worst
poozas message is obviously a problem but it shouldnt increase what hes already getting
Sorry I'm about to go to orchestra I'm gonna be fully AFK for the next like couple hours lemme know if you need anything from me afterwards
gl
tryna get caught up
If any admin is free can they give me a quick debrief before I disembark
avery all chatted valor asked for an apology avery gave a backhanded one mvp got upset pooza made a transphobic comment everything blew up
YEESH
Okay i think I understand now
sorry was hard to parse with the disconnected logs
ty ty
I think it's worth noting that valor asking for an apology was done in a passive aggressive way
i think it was fine
it was not that bad and avery was blatantly violating the rules
it was pretty bm
its also just how valor talks normally, if he didnt use those words on a regular basis i might lean more towards your side of it
with Dean on this one
i think mvp can be frustrating to us and its easy to get tilted by stuff they send bc of internal bias ive already mentioned :)
not that its not warranted on a personal level but we need to be objective
i'm being objective in that valor has been known to stir the pot (he has admitted such to me in the past) after the first MVP vs NYNB series he said to me in call that MVP specifically role swapped to annoy people/ get a reaction  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/23 午後 06:45] camdotzip @Dean ping me when
keep me updated
on the happenings of the call
or are you honoring the request of being off the record?
yes
wait is this off the record
hop in discussion
not off the record just "private"
okay i'll hop in in a moment
gotcha
ok if theres important stuff to tell admins i'd llike to hear
if not i don't know
yeah we can summarize it after
huge
ty
Avery messaged me already so I'll let him know what the punishment is since theres already a convo there
We can handle pooza later

anyone see mvp channel status
btw
@Dean
nope if you can admin logs would be nice
that's
really mature lol
whatever

- Frostbite Winner Role  - Team Format Winner Role  - Hall of Fame Role(s)?  - Website Badges
i know these are all suggestoins but putting them here for later since dean and i had to leave
Bot#8380 :deanpog :trolle :0
also the conversation was nice and easy. Valor is great per usual and MVP just voiced some complaints. They feel they're being dogpiled and Dean and I both agree. This goes for everyone not just them but if you see one too many people trying to get their piece on a situation maybe initiated slow mode or step in.
They let us know that roleswapping can be frustrating but they understand it.
And they were a little upset at the lack of fanfare for their win last season. Dean and I both understood
these were my exact notes
also, on the transphobic comments, Valor is trying to reign his team in and make sure they understand respect. it doesn't matter what they believe in as long as they don't cross boundaries, which they have been doing.
I think these are all valid minus the Pooza one which we've already discussed

I think a message to An and Mason to stop dogpiling would be appropriate, I think they are the two who have done it the most
I can handle if needed but imma be big busy
Offhanded passive/aggresive comments are not ideal and An certainly doesnt need to just keep reporting them because she finds them annoying
Also @Admins can we weigh on Averys message
and someone else can follow up
I think we understand his perspective on it but that still doesnt excuse the behavior
The unecessary comment at the end of the game was over the line and the "you just got son'd" is super inappropriate per the server rules
I think avery's son message did not feel like playful banter
If you wanna follow up with him please do so
I think we are all on the same page here
Not to speak for anyone else but I don't think avery provided any context we weren't already aware of
the "Im allowed to flame because I beat you" gives off terrible energy
Where was that said?
kinda funny calling kiddo when u just got son'd
paraphrasing this
My perspective is that Avery didn't mean it that way, he just thought it was a clever comeback
I genuinely don't think that he meant it this way
Yeah I think it's more of
A response.to being called kiddo
Yeah
But still having a comeback when youre the one who crossed the line in the first place is still
very unhelpful
His response was still rude in that context yes
Especially when youre rubbing the salt in the wound of a loss which is specifically against the rules
Is this a first offense for avery?
Oh true
First offenses are warnings right
Or are we not doing that anymore
this is maybe fine
waive the game ban as a warning and give him a chat restriction for the week
I think that's fair
Same for Pooza then?
Poozas is a lot worse in my opinion
But also doesnt have any track record
Difference of  trash talk vs threats to be transphobit
and both are clearly overstepping the rules
Yeah I was trying to deescalate with the grandson comment and it kinda got lost in everything
I dont think anything other than a firm "stop talking" in that scenario does anything
and even that didnt do anything
To different degrees I think
Esp bc we recently made announcement about respecting identities
yeah I mean
Pooza's felt blatantly like it was meant to rile people up
Considering rules change
I think they would absolutely meltdown if we didnt' ban Avery though
Personally I think both of them crossed a line that would deserve waiving the warning
Should we let that affect our determinations
Avery doubling and then tripling down is really not great
I dont think so
I think parity in punishment for this type of stuff is important tho
My point is saying "I'm about to disrespect people's identities" is on a different level than trash talk
I agree but I don't really think theres a huge issue with "both get 1 week chat ban" and "both get 1 week game/chat ban"
it shows we take both seriously and doesn't make it seem like we are taking sides
I see your point
If one of them gets a 1 week ban and the other doesnt, even if they are both deserving of their respective punishments its horrible optically
To an extent we shouldn't consider it but to another extent its actually very important
In my opinion it's not taking sides (as one side committed a much worse offense) but I see that MVP might see it that way
It would send the message to teams that someone is allowed  to instigate, and then escalate twice but if someone else says something bad in response then they get obliterated but the first person gets a light scolding
Again, I don't think thats what the situation really is
but it really puts across the wrong message
giving them equal punishments and then sending an announcement that doubles down on what pooza did not being acceptable covers our ground tho
This is fair I think
agreed
1 week chat ban for both  {Reactions} 👍 (4)  [2023/10/23 午後 08:21] teslaplasmabolt And an announcement
@Admins ^
@Jonah / @Jacob / @Cam can yall weigh in?

Ok I'll message both
and send a message in captain chat
i have to read this
then i will weigh in
jacob noam and i were playing a game
They broke different rules so I don't see a need to maintain parity between the two
We have majority I'm sending it now so its done with before the next series
I agree, I think since it's pooza first offense + MVP feels targeted recently for this one we're just calling it even parity
I think someone just reach out to Avery and clarify he's not the villain here, but it was all just a negative energy. Tensions were high and this is a repeated issue for MVP so we'd like if he could respect that. To keep things fair a chat restriction.
Dean @Dean dean you should change "I" to "we"
In captain chat msg
May help prevent overlord dean sentiment
generally correct yeah I just think optics do matter a lot
actually treating people unfairly vs doing things that seem like we are treating people unfairly ARE different but its a very thin line and I don't think it would be prudent to create more discourse around that
I don't think they need to know each other's punishments though
I believe Dean's concern is MVP is super close to kaboom
I do agree they don't but
In this instance if they didn't there might be unforseen consequences
They raised some pretty valid concerns when Cam and I were talking with them and I just think open lines of communication can't possibly hurt anything
Theres a reason im sending in captain chat and not in announcements
We also do usually inform people how their reports go and Valor was the one who reported it
and I think earmarking Pooza's just makes sense because of the nature of it
Heard
To avery: Admins also wanted me to let you know that we don't think you had any ill will, and we appreciate the apology, but tensions were high and this is a repeated issue of people going after MVP for role swap related stuff so we'd like if you could respect that
that work?
in the big picture
could nitpick but i think its good
@Noam @Jacob @Cam can of of you three write the messages to people about dogpiling? Should probably be Mason, An and Blake
Can be after the series but really whenever you get the chance
I don’t think I’d be able to set the right tone with them
we can talk about it yeah
we'll discuss messages bw the 3 of us i think

I messaged An
I messaged Mason
hopefully someone is getting blake ....  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/24 午前 12:27] jeandones Ill log games tmrw morning its been a day
I have specs/mvp
Meta busters and Co can you either send me posts or just log when I'm done with the others?
Cam said he would
Bot#8380 im going to use ur a fed you king
Going to message him tomorrow
Not sure how he's feeling tonight after the series
bars
I can log just lmk
Dope

Whoever assigned roles last night can we please make sure they’re getting removed! Thanks
You mean for the MTB vs MVP thing?
Yeah
Just removed a couple
Most of them were gone but it wasn’t all of them
Is there a way to add a system that removes purple and green roles automatically after 5 hours?
Uh
Bot#8380 :kekw :hearteu :clueless)
^
Maybe the bot could do it but I’m not sure there’s a “role assigned” event
And the bot development is already at a standstill we were trying to get signups working through it too
I could have it wipe roles at midnight maybe? I'd have to look into it
Would it be possible to add a button to push roles to server on team gen screen?
Now that's an interesting idea....
Very interesting....
I like it
I'll look into it when I get home
stanleys going back into coding mode
Not easily, Stanley can we get the other stuff working first, it’s been a couple weeks now
I think it is easy
Ok can it be done?
It’s something we’ve had on the list for months
I can get all the commands working tonight/tomorrow
And I can look into the push roles
Big
How do webhooks work @Dean :)
I can pay an extra few hundred dollars and add them !
WHAT
how is it that expensive
Current hosting plan does not support it
Isn't it just http post
I’d have to upgrade
That’s not a webhook
I believe they're triggered by post
I'll look into it but I think it's very possible
Maybe I’m thinking of something else
Brain damage
I was thinking websockets
Oops
Mb yeah
ahhh
but looking at that link
can you make button that webhooks names & team
then it gets sent as a message in a channel
then scrimbot reads it and applies roles
To be fair idk if we’d want to do this
It would allow anyone at any time to just
Change the team roles
Better if there’s a bot command that only people with admin perm can run
I think having a button that saves the roles to a file and then the bot can read that file is smarter
put admin password on button!
Bot#8380 im gonna pbe
what do you mean
They just generate a team hit button and boom
Now people have roles
I guess yeah
I’m not a huge fan of having password fields on public facing sites because passwords aren’t being handled in the best way currently
Would require a bit of extra work on my end
my b tried to catch most of them but mvp left the call v quickly
If you go to the server setting and view roles does it allow you to see a list of members with that role?
I don’t want to assume y’all can see it just b/c I can
oh yeah i can
didnt even think to look there hehe
Yeah you can literally just hold down shift and spam all the xs
It’s super quick
could just make teamgen save a json (or even text) file every time teams are generated
Yep
then I could make a discord command limited to admins that gets scrimbot to download the most recent file and apply roles
Yeah that seems much easier
if you think that works better
I think it’s easier and safer
It’s not as automated but worth it imo
Just have it add the roles, and then remove them 5 hours later
oh that solves both issues
I’m not sure JavaScript can modify text files but I can make a button that does it through php
It would be really bad actually if JavaScript could lmao
tee hee funny viru
s
Yeah or just like
Delete the whole website through console
Goes to google
File_put_contents(Index.php, “”)

Saw this as a notification on my phone and thought we had another situation on our hands
scrim ptsd 😔
Whenever I send that it just means I’m a moron
Usually doesn’t refer to others or something bad happening
Ik ik but I was barely awake 😔

@Noam Games in
Am eepy will log soon
ok
the players that played were: Blake, Mike, Adam, Will, Domonic, Cam, Joey, Thomas, Garrett, Noam, who each played 3 games right?
yes

yah

@Noam you broke something
??
make sure to refresh json
fixed

@Jonah @Jacob u can go ahead and start scheduling w captains as their teams are elimed btw, lets try to get ahead of the curve on it this time

We all down to make an #offtopic channel to discuss other games?

@Jonah you can pick who you want to talk to, I'll do the other

Like to reach out to Bean? Cuz idk if Arnye played enough games to be considered
already did  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/25 午後 01:44] jeandones thats why i put the thumbs
no the thing you send
did it not link the correct message?
OH
He sent it because typed something in season discussion
NGL I didn't click on it
And I told him to follow the most recent messaging in captain chat
bruh
OHH i thought it was the not ending
No like
i didnt see anything in chat
I typed "I thought we weren't bming" in season discussion after the not ending thing
Then deleted it bc you did say to scrimbot dm instead of talking in season discussion
ohhh
gotcha
ok so anyway, do you think it was worth following up on that or not a big deal
Nbd especially with them not being in playoffs  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/25 午後 05:36] redloheb_ wait

are nexus blitz customs a thing

yes

@Noam you put Joey as Ashe jungle lmaooo
What was the champ?
Please make sure you’re double and triple checking the results the tool gives you its super inconsistent
Udyr
Game 3
Game logger sees Ashe for like 4 different champ I swear
Mb tho
It’s fine just been happening a lot recently uk
And seraphine
And a lot of other champs
It’s pretty bad with champ detection
Names work except for bean’s or people who changed theirs
I'll probably log manually instead I keep making the mistakes 😔
Kda is hit or miss
I prob should too, either that or we start getting people to submit proper postgames

@Admins - Lets each nominate someone for Most Improved, please try to be as unbiased as possible (I say this knowing the irony of my selection being someone on my team), and vote afterwards. If someone already put who you would choose, either choose someone else or just say "pass".

Point increases are: Sarvaris: 8 Hidiri: 5.3 Bean: 4.5 Adam: 3.7 Gruer: 3.5 Rex: 3.2
and everyone else was under 3
Usually we used this as a reference to get nominees but I think it might be better to do the new system, unsure tho

ADAM 3.7???
That guy SUCKS why is he shooting up

/s?
Also who is ur nominee
Still need from you and Jonah
Bot#8380 i're available to predict which is trying to me free

Im gonna think ab it for another day bc its a very hard choice
Also half serious that guy has amazing mechanics but hearing him make plays is nails on a chalkboard. Love him though

Want to get awards finalized asap, ideally by tomorrow afternoon  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/28 午後 02:46] jeandones @Admins Ok seems like were good on nominees, vote for all players you feel are deserving by throwing a thumbs on it  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/28 午後 02:46] jeandones To specify, not players you think would be ok winning it, playing you specifically think should win

I’ll finalize once everyone has voted, if it’s a tie I’ll just make it a tie
Unless it’s like 3 people
Just need @Olaf (Erik O.) and @Cam

jw, any notable point decreases?
All of andromeda lol
Didn’t check
Just wrote a
Output (>3)

Can I see:isforme:
Curious
@Admins are we cool to just make it a tie? I think both of these players are really deserving of the award, especially considering the narratives surrounding Hidiri last season. If we don't want to that's fine, but as someone that is really conscious of what people are saying about players season to season, I think both players are really deserving of it.  Especially in a case like this where 2 players are getting a lot of votes, in the past its felt like it's just a clear single winner.  {Reactions} 👍 (3) 👎  [2023/10/28 午後 04:03] jeandones If we'd rather just stick to the direct votes that's fine, this 100% is not about discrediting Jacob or anything, just want to make sure Hidiri *also* gets the credit he deserves from my observations
Also want to consider the fact that if we stuck with the same decision making process we had last season Hidiri likely would have been 7 votes uncontested :pain:
Feel free to just vote this down, but just felt really strongly about it
I think hidiri Jacob tie is ok
I only didn't vote him bc I thought he improved outside of this season mainly
Yeah i think a more clear definition of the award could have been helpful
I'm down with the vision I always think more recognition of people's progression is always a good thing
I'm okay with both but I think it's important to keep performance separate from perception of performance
If that makes sense
agreed, but hidiris performance was possibly even worse than the perception of it
if anything this would knock jacob out of contention
I mean I genuinely do think Jacob has improved
right
but his stats have barely improved whereas hidiris are an entirely new player
if we are looking at team format which is the proper context for the award
Jacob 2/35 -> 2.37 kda and hidiri .79 -> 2.63
Honestly I was thinking about caesarius I think he’s gotten significantly better this season. Even though he was good last season
How about winrates \:)
they would hurt your case even more
I will not comment on this matter
this funny
I agree with your point i just simply think it going in the opposite direction of what you were going for
jacob 16% -> 57% hidiri 0% -> 62%
how did you get 0?
season 5 team format?
oh you're comparing just season 5
I was comparing before season 6 to season 6
what
what does before season 6 mean
All - Season 6 compared to Season 6
how do you do that
Either way a season 5 meta buster gets recognition so I'm happy
and just team format?
Subtract the games won and lost in S6 from All in team format
Yeah
The argument is you or both i wouldn't worry about it too much
he knows lol
jacob and i have talked abt this seperately i thin kwe are on the same page
correct me if not @Jacob
Yup
i think my perspective is that jacob deserves it, abstracted from scrim zone
but gibven context it should be hidiri
I think recognizing both is pretty cool and i think people would appreciate it :D
^that
that reason is why i did the voting in a different way
i second seeing i am curious.
also down for 2
ill do it end of season
its a pain
i make it intentionally difficult so i dont have info other people dont  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/10/28 午後 04:30] jeandones for competitive integrity reasons
Yeah the award is strictly like
Season 5 team format -> Season 6 team format who improved the most
should have been more clear about that
I'm happy we get to celebrate both of them tho, and I will talk about it in a way that does not minimize eithers achievements

@Dean Been thinking about MVP's complaints regrading the lack of fanfare. I think the best solution to this is to create and announce the existnece of roles for major achievements, and subtext their victory.  I think this is better than a late announcement because on its own it might feel even more underwhelming being so late.  So TL;DR we make roles for major trophies (frostbite 22 winner, season 5 winner, etc) award them to the players now, and announce we have created and awarded them as such. *What* the awards are have to coincide with the website badges, which I'll get to hopefully after this week btw.

let me think on this and respond after semis lol  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/29 午後 06:40] camdotzip there is a loser's bracket yes? so whichever team gets knocked out here isn't truly out?

noam answered my q
there isnt right
?
non
what does that mean
single elim?  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/10/29 午後 06:50] teslaplasmabolt or doubl
okt y cam
super flex player
thank you stanley
harbinger of the NA suck sphere
its removal is allowing NRG to push on
i do what I must
my goat

@Dean can i also get thoughts on this
@Stanley you got the bot code working?
I agree w something retroactive but I really don’t think server roles are the way to go - they’re cool for the bracket format since it’s a separate format from team/signups so it can have its own award system for 1 week, but for awarding the winner of team format it replaces your team role which is kinda against the opposite of what would happen ideally.
Bot#8380 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
Thanks for your approval scrimblo
I don't think it's be replacing anything. Just an additional badge
That’s not how discord roles work
You can’t have 2
Just takes the top one
Uh
miscommunication
one second
okay look at my server profile
yes if you look at mine, im displaying "Frostbite '22 Winner" as a role like that
i'll make a thread one second
I mean I guess imo that’s corny as shit but if we think most people would like it we can do that
It would probably make people happy
I’d just keep it until the next frostbite and rotate it out
I don't really see what this achieves that having the results in hall of fame doesn't
You don't see either without having to check
people do not regularly see Hall of Fame
whereas roles are more easily accessible
People also don't regularly check each others roles
I don't think that question has much relevance. It's not really for other people as much as it is for yourself I think.
It feels nice to be rewarded or noticed for accomplishments, and filling out a digital trophy case is likely a personal victory more than anything.
Sometimes adults wanna have like the gold star sticker and I empathize with that to some extent
Hall of Fame is frankly clunky an seemingly unorganized. You can go back and check it, but it's out of the way and holds each award on the same level
I think it feels nice to open up your discord and have a, while largely unseen, public display of an accomplishment that took work to achieve
#deleted-channel

wait an's not on the airwick page
but i kinda remember them being on the team?
An wasnt on airwick
oh tf
Subbed for them a lot but was not on the team
uhhh i mean if they subbed a lot
would it be so terrible to just give her the badge?
It is simply funnier to not include it
yaknow
i gotta agree on that one
x)
And this is why s1 and s2 have an *
Clown ass rule set

Lmao

hey idea for next season. have to think about how it would work on the backend but like
we could get player comms for casting purposes
like they sometimes do in LCS for big plays
I think you have mentioned this before
Nope ill fix
Was supposed to freeze standings
Forgor
can you add 7 wins to andromeda while you're at it

You’ll end next season 7-3 I believe
may be
i won't though :)

something just brought up by stav and kathy is making signups more accessable to people in other time zones
8pm was chosen for that reason, but trying to go wide across time zones will make team format a scheduling hell 💀
would it be possible to do something that when you sign up you can select multiple start time that'd work for you?
Maybe
@Stanley how is progress on bot signups
Was hoping it would be done last week
On it tonight after class
Do you want me to remind u at a specific time
Would that help
9:15pm
Done

Fuck forgot to log before deleting but mason and pb were joking about throwing signups to get on the same team
If someone can talk to them would be appreciated and they’re on a watchlist now
Make sure we keep our eyes peeled

If I just. Pick a night for TFT scrims to happen. Can I declare a signups day for them?
That way we don't have to make a new page, I can type up a lil rules post and they can fire. We've got interest
Sure
If people want to sign up for normal scrims tho they should still be able to
Figure out a way to differentiate

Looks like sarvaris is going to take over captaining for caesarius for next season, possibly longer  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/11/02 午後 07:39] jeandones Not sure why anyone would have issues with that but lmk if u do

👍

@Stanley it is 9:15
Ish
I am reminding u to program the bot

hey can i get clarification on @Logan being the correct logan
What
for uh
s3?
Yeah
s3 winner
okay cool ty

yep already messaged him  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/11/05 午前 01:18] jeandones he said he "hadnt set up his summoner name yet"
so im kinda confused
weird
actually it was "Oh yeah I forgot to make my summoner name so I’ll fill it out after I update it"
close tm
probably referring to the name change
probably meant the league id thing
yeah
which *should* be handled for everyone else by the system
praying

Oh lord

games logged oop forgor

@Jonah this is just the same person as Jake do uk if they go by a diff name now or just are rejoining the server?
I think either way its handled the same except if I go back and clean the old names or not
brother i have no clue
ok wasnt sure if u were still in touch
every once in awhile
bc like if its a deadname situation would want to handle accordingly
but idk if theyre coming back ot not
umbc jake?
yes
yuh
i can ask joey
they are roommates
i would assume filling out the form would indicate coming back
no reason to otherwise
We should have a meeting at some point abt point system changes going forward @Admins when works? I'd need it do be before Thursday @ midnight. Don't necessarily need everyone there since its something we've gone over in depth before but would like as much attendance as possible.
Pref late on wednesday or thursday
or after the series monday
General Points are:  - Recalibrate players after 1+ season of not playing (How do we do this specifically?) - Reconsider base allowance + new player allowances to prevent "new team sweeps"  - New point system is already in place - Starter/Sub are the same requirement now (10 games?)
10 feels like a whole lot depending on the length of the preseason
2.5 months
1 game, not series, per week
Goal is for balance and not making captains deal w what Noam had to, not trying to consume players lives although I realize there is a balance

what did i deal with
is this a reference to new roster every week xd
the sub point issue
that makes more sense

put me as adc for the senna game
got it
don't feel like debugging rn
that looks right
bringing it back
logger tool 42069 - noam 1

just coruious, how many active players do we have right now
like an estimate is fine
are we closer to dropping to 5 teams or going to 7?
probably staying the same
but really hard to know
it really depends on who keeps playing
I think its basically impossible to have a reasonable estimate at this point

understandable
my brain wants to make predictions for next season but I don't have enough data :(((((((((((((((((((((((

Dean mentioned captain interviews a bit ago but I think that quickly was forgotten, I'm gonna send messages to captains about scheduling those
Oh shit you’re right
I totally forgot
Not sure if we need to get the captain feedback forms out first
I think we might
Oh true
@Dean let us know what we can do to help with getting that form set up and sent out!

I’m getting them out this afternoon
I just have to copy and paste a couple things so it shouldn’t be much

@Stanley bot working when?

I will look at it tonight
Should be almost ready to go
Will just need testing

Did anyone update bean or An’s roles?
I can get them in a sec if not

got them

@Admins did anyone do this?
@Jonah @Noam @Olaf (Erik O.) @Jacob if one of you can would be appreciated as the affairs-based admins :)
who is homoshrexual
an
oh
can you talk to mason and pb?
sure
thanks
just admin logs however it goes down
do you want me to log it or just let them know
ok
is it cool if i just stick to a simple on the behalf of the admins this is a friendly reminder to put effort into your signup games. Intentionally throwing your games causes problems with the match balancing and makes games unfair
i would moreso just remind them that joking about it is against the rules
and to not encourage prohibited behavior
got it
i dont think they are actually throwing
but we just need to keep a watch out regardless
understood

thanks
i will try to do a better job of delegating
i can log but just saving them here

so are we doing this after signups then ig?
@Jacob @Noam @Stanley
@Cam
Every time we schedule an admin meeting all the admins go and play signups ......
:smodge: making admin meeting at 8 pm
Not my fault stanley cant get on until 8!
every time i try to do a different time i get told its wrong
i stg
its impossible
lets just do it after signups
i could do before or after
just ping me
oh im sick so I can meet anytime
can we just do rn
i'm free now
yeah
get it over with
works for me
Pinned a message.
does the point algorithm target an average of 19ish points
yes
ok
well
no
but the average is 19
but its not like curving people into it
so if our average player who joins is better than our current average
what happens
i am wording this badly

- Shift players 2/3 of the way to their new rank after 1 inactive season. Flag players who did not play for a whole season, keep a list of players that join towards the end of a season and dont play game. - remove both - :teemothumbs:  - 10 games
- ඞ
Hide players who are flagged AND have played 0 games from the players page
He was very tilted at the end of that game but
I believe that was just internet issue
Was just double checking wanted to log it
prolly fine
I want to say that I think the "just mute it" for m7 is lame if the action of flashing m7 is done to bm
the bm is the bad part
yeah it definitely contributed to a lot of us being tilted i think
(at least  it did a bit for me)
logger tool
last game of MTB vs NYNB
lol
Ashe is Udyr
all numbers are right tho

We had brought this up already, thought it got fixed
I can handle it
Getting reports hidiri is logged as seraphine jungle

Just a heads up - dont log signups if they are played on monday
fixed the game entry error

what does this mean?
website go boom if logged due to season transition
i think
what is gragas-pilled roulette silly scrims
now what is the gragas pilled part
🍺
i c
i thought we said we werent promoting that for silly scrims
:fizzshrug:
not sure why i've been communicating using exclusively non-text lol
does that read better with a comma after "why"
not trying to sound sassy but it could have 2 meanings
its the other meaning
with no commma
it's not supposed to be two messages
okay heard
:trolle:
im being indirect
inferring
doin a lil fence sitting
scrimblo said it for us
LOL
scrimblo is so real
i also think a once a year thing is different than weekly drinking
would be my primary answer
it is definitely a different thing to say get drunk on a tuesday every week vs you can get drunk one friday

oh specifically for this monday i see

i tried using the bot code to change taxis' roles and it didn't work
can you send what you have rn?
I know you changed it idk what you changed it to

can someone else log

OH
i LOGGED
i forgor (💀 ) to say

can someone log :isforme:
nose ghost
i lost dso I can't : (
bre
fine i will
games should be logged
could someone double check them
i'll remove roles

Should've said nose ghost Noam

done

Unless they can't or don't want to ig

Theoretically multiple signups can run in the same day

If we get 20 use the tiered teams option
Btw
Makes for more fun games
wdym tiered
Just make sure it’s green v purple and pink v yellow
It is what the button is called
On the signups page
One at the bottom here
Basically just makes a high Elo lobby and a low Elo lobby but lowers skill disparity between players in each match which is good
yeah i saw it now just nevern oticed before  {Reactions} pain  [2023/11/12 午後 06:47] nomulus oh so don't do a bo1 tournament?
No because that’s an extra hour
That people haven’t committed to
Those only run on the dates specified
You can do the 4 even teams as well I just think it’s like objectively worse
And have purple v green and pink v yellow with those results
But the game quality and balance is better with tiered
how is 2 bo1 longer than 1 bo3?
Oh I thought you meant Bracket format
If you’re doing single elim than you’re just giving people fewer games
Which is the reverse problem
ah fair
Also losers bracket might have the clash problem where ppl just don’t wanna play
Since there’s no redemption
Imo if people are signing up to play a bo3 they should play bo3, even if some people are asking for smth else just b/c at minimum everyone was down for a bo3

you could do it as a round robin with 3 bo1 games
just as a thought
it doesnt have to be
thats not a bad idea!!!
i like it!!!!
yeah that's a sick idea
was typign the thing in announcements and forgot it was gonna be in signups and stanley beat me to it
how do you change roels
I want adc GONE
not good enough at that role
hey i think
we should indicate that b takes longer
doesn't it?
@Noam how
bracket? yeah
yeah
rather
send what role you want in info corrections and i can handle it
this seems good for running round robin
yeah seems pretty good
lol
let's run one when at the same time as team gen
yeah

let's log games between series
Guys I think I'm broken
I an an enigma
Unsolvable by the point system
I think you have ADHD
Yellow vs Purple (R1) Logged
yes and?
That would explain it
bruh
Inconsistency
a third of the sever probably has adhd
wdym
:trolle:
My inconsistent royalty
so true
@Stanley Z had 33 assists?
yeah
dean cancelled
both games from second round logged

do we think taxi's playing needs to be looked at
uhh
at least one play i saw he for sure wasn't trying
late game he 100% was ignoring everything and just farming down a sidelane
when he came down to kill stav
he stood under turret dacing at me
and gave me the gold for free
and I mean maybe he's just tilted but 3 games of that performance in a row is a bit suspicious for a player of his skill
yeah idk
I think for sure 100% game 3 he was kinda running it
My advice from Jacob was to not dm An
games logged
thanks to whoever took off roles  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/11/12 午後 10:57] .jaspr roles settings method op

What happened tonight 😭
a lot of good
a bit of bad
95% player success rate
An situation is basically just
An think that Noam has always disliked her and is either constantly antagonizing her or just tolerating her
She felt affirmed in this belief by the game they played vs each other tn
I do think there’s a discussion to be had here I think there’s an extent to which her refusing to get along with teammates is like, the teammates fault and there’s a point where it’s on her and it really seems like the line was very much crossed over here
Noam and An were on different teams
In this situation
In this situation it seems she was upset because her champions got banned no?
Right but my point is if you just stop communicating to the point (many times) where your team can’t play the game that’s on you
yeah everyone else was 100% ok
Oh yeah
I’m was just clarifying what happened in this scenario
she saw this as verification of noam's dislike of her
we were communicatiopn well as a team until an got extrememly upset at noam and stopped talking
which kinda killed our comms
and ruined the 2 games of a few people on our team
We double banned her (Udyr/Viego) and FPd kayn. They invaded us early so I thought she would be on my red and went to her raptors and then to her red (but she was on her red so I stole it and died to her). I went to farm my top side jungle and my bot lane invaded her jungle and killed her on blue, and by then I was bot and we dove their bot lane or something, don't remember exactly. It 100% was not personal and I don't dislike An, but I do think several times I've been prickly/sarcastic towards her and I'll do my best to tone it down
yeah from my perspective it was just normal jg activities
Holy fuck I'd be tilted here too
Me too but like
the general message is like extrmemly too far I think
I would not be messaging in general that I will just leave the server and the rest of what she said
^
Message aside you can’t just rage quit games
yeah
we almost had to bring jonmah in to play for us
be we almost couldn't run the 3rd game
an did come back but stayed muted for 100% of draft and game
like i said i don't think the specific game was the issue for an
i think it was the perception of noam doing it
I think the fact that it was Noam is only part of the issue she had
An sort of has a history of doing things like this regardless of whether or not Noam is in the game
But maybe that’s assuming too much
^ this is what I’m referring to
Yeah
I don’t think excusing the behavior b/c of some sort of perceived slight by Noam addresses the fact that it impacts 4+ other people for hours of their time
For sure
What was the taxi thing btw?
Let’s make threads
My opinion is that there’s a point where you can’t blame your teammates when no matter what team you’re on there’s an issue
An - full deaf mute during game and threatened to leave the series, then returned
Taxi - inting?

Hey guys! Just so we are all on the same page, I'm not going to be doing any admin activities from now until the 30th because I simply need to dedicate my full time to my studies at the moment. It's only for a short moment in time, so hopefully this isn't as much of an issue.  {Reactions} 👍 (4)  [2023/11/13 午後 05:18] teslaplasmabolt godspeed king
I'll still be around for either emergency stuff and I might be able to occasionally play a game or two here or there but this is just a preemptive message that I probably will not be giving feedback on any activities during this time.
Only 17 more days in the torture chamber :pain:
my deepest condolences
what do you mean?
are you and An friends?
yes
i don't want an to feel like it's coming from me
i want an to feel like it's coming from the admin team
which it is
have you checked in with them regarding the other night? not in a form of serving punishment but checking on her mental health
yes
we were talking during game 3
okay, then i have no complaints and i think your perspective is fair
just checking, want to prioritize good communication and it sounds like u have it handled <3
sick
i think in general we should avoid sending personalized messages to our friends
because if we then send one to someone who is none of our friends
it becomes weird

was my message ok
I think it was great
yippee!!!!
Oh god not this idea again
I’ll talk to him
he pitched me on it before signups
Is it the same one we’ve already talked to death or is it new tech
Ok seems like there’s more to it than usual
uhh
i don't think so
seems like the main benefit is people not getting over pointed
and potential to limit # of strong players on team
wasn't really getting his main argument tbh
Yeah I’m not really following either
This just sounds like our current system with points plugged into y=6-(x//6) to display them
Yeah which we have already talked abt
And it creates more issues than it solves
What even is bell curve format
This is my full response
Yeah I
Don’t know what he means by that
Don't we have a normalish distribution
I will check on season rollover
But yes? Maybe?
And if we don’t it’s because the skill of players isn’t normally distributed and that shouldn’t be forced if it’s not true
Yeah
I think he just doesn't understand how current points work
Possible
Could you ask him about what me meant by the points system as it
As is*
Curoiois
im waiting for him to send it to me
He’s sending to me as well
You can text him
Another image that’s just his guess at ranking players which is like
Somewhat Accurate at best and offensive at worst
I approach any plan that lists many pros and only 1 con with a huge grain of salt, any way to do points will come with basically as many downsides as there are upsides and being realistic abt that is pretty important imo
It also kinda just feels like he’s throwing buzzwords in there to make it sound more official but idk
i'd say he's probably just proud of his idea
he based it purely off what peoples point values are
How is Jacob 10?
And why is An 10
Those are the ones I remember offhand but I don’t think that’s actually true lol
oh i mean idk i cant see the point values thats just what it looked like to me at a glance
Oh yeah he made it seem like he was trying to guess at players
It is like astoundingly different from real point values which is my big issue with the idea
Basing points off of perception of skill instead of an objective metric seems like such a nightmare for both balance and people’s happiness
😦
/s
I meant in the sense that it’s based purely on real points
it's based on
I’m not commenting on the actual list
him and a few people sitting in call
is what he said to me
It’s wrong but I’m not going to say why
Yeah I’ve heard that’s been happening in a few places not sure what we can do about it but shit is toxic !
Friends tier list xd
I’m gonna make a quick announcement
Thoughts?   If we could stop making tierlists of players and spreading them around would be appreciated! Have seen a few of them recently and most of the people in the server are just playing to have fun and seeing assessments of themselves for whatever reason is not really a great thing tbh. If you feel the need to make these please keep them private, as you don’t know how they will make other people feel. Thanks!
I haven't seen one of these tier lists :pain:
Assessing people purely in the context of team format during one season for the purpose of awards is similar but is in a significantly different context.
Adding this to the end
It just simply isn’t worth it lmao none of them are like remotely accurate and are all super biased towards the people making it and their friends 🙃
No I mean like
I legit haven't seen them anywhere at all
I’ve heard abt 2 in the last couple days
Didn't even know this was happening
Crazy
Maybe posting an announcement would simply encourage others to do the same
I will refrain
But it’s cringe
Agreed
i was gonna say i dont think this is really a thing
i think dean youve probably just heard about them since youre the owner and poeple want to share with you
I mean I have had some sent to me and had people come to me being like this is fucked up and makes me feel bad
So idk
Yeah that actually just completely doesn’t answer any of the questions lmao
I’m rewording for him
Is this conversation with Caesarius ongoing?
I'm confused on where he thinks this is better than the current system
Yes
Me too
We're naturally going to have the points trend towards how our players are distributed
It might not be a bell curve because bell curves aren't that common with smaller samples
But we're still going to tend to have most of our players in the middle of the point range and fewer and fewer players as you move away from the average
I think it just feels better to have skill blocks
Like, at a first glance it's a more "clean" system and removes some of the negatives found with points
but I do agree that, upon thinking about it, having a system where each player is ranked individually is better than not
Yeah we’ve discussed it as an admin group 3-4 times and come to this conclusion each time  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/11/13 午後 09:19] jeandones I think you were in most of those
(I think the updated points system will be better but I do appreciate Caesarius reaching out with this)
I think it's great that we have active engagement and players are thinking about how to organize things
Yeah I’m trying to communicate to him that I appreciate the input
Just think that they don't necessarily understand all of the complexities
Thoughts on Taxi scrimbot DMs?
Yeah I mean he’s right
Knowing which player on which champ is important
Agreed
We're not doing it to hide anything
Knowing what lane is different
We're just drafting like insane people
Doesn’t matter?
It’s still knowledge that existed and is now removed
right
Question is do we swap back to tournament draft or make people type it all out
Both would take a lot of extra time
Ok seems he has an answer
Did he ask you and you didn’t answer?
no
I think just go to draft pick
it is a bad idea to put responsibility on the players  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/11/13 午後 09:23] camdotzip because when they do not uphold it there will be problems
so draft pick, fast bans, move on
Draft pick is gonna take + 3 mins per game minimum
I think that is not insignificant
especially when a champ that is picked is accidentally banned
^^^^^
The Blake special
I’d say on average it’s about 5 mins slower
If not more
Submitting what player is playing what champ has a lot of upsides anyway
I think it’s something we can require for captains to do during team format 100%, and is probably still reasonable to do in signups
Taxi also said “on request” which I think is super reasonable
If you ask before the game, other team has to answer seems like a 0 problem solution
tho like
whats the difference between just swapping at 1 minute
Wdym
like
If it’s blind you never know, if you can see during a window, you could make multiple rune pages and swap when they swap
i mean cant the top and mid laners just go to each other's lane
Yeah that’s fine
It’s jungle vs solo lanes vs support/ad that are the issue
I think knowing which player is on which champion is reasonable
thats not at all what taxi is asking for though right
I mean I think meeting him halfway to the point that we are matching the information that we had before the change is reasonable?
Also someone going 2nd in the lineup and just not playing jungle is always done in bad faith imo so this is not that much different
The only thing he’s asking for that we aren’t on board with is disallowing mid/top lane swaps
okay what happens in like
the event of a lane swap here
yeah
like there are only problems with this
thats my concern
the issue that taxi is presenting is
understandable
I’m asking him rn
i do not like that we are considering a change about it
you lane swap -> people now say thats against the rules
because it is only adding stress
i do not like it
and i suggest we ignore it  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/11/13 午後 09:32] camdotzip until more people complain
Can I complain
sure man
I think it is genuinely a frustrating point of blind pick vs draft pick idk
Has bothered me in the past for sure
i feel like knowing what player is playing what champ and knowing what lane that champ will be in are 2 very different things
I’m going for the first one
the first is very fair
Even if it’s not necessarily what he’s asking for it’s still a change that should happen
that second is the thing that mvp was talking about the whole season
which weve already shot down
Not exactly but yeah it’s close
They seemed more upset with not knowing what lane a *player* was going to
Which I don’t think taxi is touching on here
And I’m with you that that has been covered
I think mvp wanted a pre draft clarification while taxi wants a post draft clarification
I think the issue is we don't really have the technology to fix this
an easy fix would be requiring players to line up to match the draft
but our drafts arent ordered
also yeah the tier lists need to stop imo
Wait no this would kinda work
Except it would cause other issues
Hm
It would solve taxis issue but you’d need to reorder champs ingame
Net loss
I’ll wait and see what he says to what I asked
Agreed but I think if most people aren’t aware of them making it public knowledge causes more problems than it solves
Good point from Noam and Jonah
I think communicating to Logan and the ppl who made the other one to chill out is probably the best way to go if we do anything
idk my opinion on logan's thing is that making the system more imprecise adding in player voting bias
just makes the system worse
Yeah 100%
while fixing absolutely nothing
Except it would feel better
I do agree with him there
all the issues he listed will still happen
It’s simpler to understand conceptually
would it?
Rewording is better
i'd quit if im marked c team by a council of like 9 people
What I said initially not necessarily but it’s simpler to understand
Yeah that’s my big point that he hasn’t addressed
like its better if people you like vote on you but
no way will that be more balanced than points system
needless bias
Yep I agree I’m just trying to lead him there on his own
I think we can comfortably dismiss the idea for now
He said that works, I think we can workshop a way to communicate this that is painless
Or at least as close to net 0 as possible
I get that it could cause additional stress but I think if someone is bringing up a downside of a change we made to make things easier that is a legitimate concern and is having a reasonable conversation about it I don’t think ignoring it is necessarily the right solution
I would at least like to figure out a proposal to address it and then vote on it afterwards
This seems super reasonable to me. Captains should already be updating the website for information anyway, and we’re retooling how it’s done to make the experience better for casters, this would fit right in with that. Making it by request for signups seems super reasonable and requires no extra base work.
Reminder not to log these games tn btw!
Just sent post games here and we can get them tmrw
👍
what happen if I log
Pain in the ass for me
Lots of extra coding
Instead of just uncommenting code to pull current player ratings I’d have to create a new function to pull ratings from a past season based on current base and then add the season cutoff and pull from before it
Brain damage.

yeah no im gonna be blunt
i dont like making any kind of change on this taxi stuff
i do not see it being a positive thing, how it is now seems fine, i only see people complaining about a possible change
especially if mvp already complained and we came to a conclusion, and although this problem isn't *quite* the same it's similar enough
feels like taxi got annoyed because he took mr into an ad laner and complained about it. it happens. it has happened. it will happen

if someone can brielfy explain to me how i am wrong or not seeing the whole picture i will change my stance but im not a fan

I kinda agree with cam
I think we change stuff we get 10x more complaints than we get rn
Could we simply just present that it’s info that we had before and don’t anymore and say on the record that people can request the info? This is something people have asked about informally a few times before and I think just polling in suggestions could not hurt
There are ways to phrase this that distinguish it from the previous conversations
If our goal is to have a draft environment that emulates pro (which we have stated as our goal before) I don’t see why we should just not consider a change that would better align us with what we’ve said previously
If we present it for team format as a change for casting and only captains have to do it that’s a pretty nothing change imo and just saying “hey if people ask for this you should tell them” is not major especially since most people would answer the question is asked anyway
I see the point if we are saying “you have to send a complicated message before every game” but that’s just not what the change we are talking about is? Also I’m just asking us to consider what a change would even look like before completely shutting the idea down I think we should vote on it before actually doing anything regardless
If we just didn’t make any change that would piss people off we wouldn’t have made a lot of changes that have helped in the past I don’t like cancelling the process of even considering a solution it just doesn’t make sense to me
If we can’t come to a solution that we agree on then sure we can just scrap it but :fizzshrug:
Bot#8380 does the neemy samira seem like u meant to convince me thinks hes here
I think the big question is
If we are providing the champ for each player (which I think is good as it is something we used to have to do with draft) are we enforcing that the players are playing in a specific role with champ, or are we simply saying the champs are the champs and roles are flexible
2nd one
Just specifying which player is on which champ
okay
I don’t know why this would cause scrims apocalypse
And to be clear, this is only on request
I don't either I just think we need to make sure we explain that you can still flex roles among players  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/11/14 午前 12:29] jeandones @Stanley can you send this when you have the chance
I really would like to get bot signups done as soon as possible
We’re way far back on the timeline here

if it's not a formal change then i'm good with it
What is the reason not to do it?
I'm still confused about it

I think emulating the benefits of going back to tournament draft without having to go back to it would be very cool

“ @ updates going into this season, captains in Team Format will need to provide some extra information to casters/teams to improve the overall game experience. To maintain parity between our modes and to account for the swap between tournament draft and blind pick, if someone asks which player will be playing a particular champion in any format, please let them know. Thanks!”  {Reactions} 👍 (4)  [2023/11/14 午前 11:00] jeandones @Admins thoughts?
Distribution looks something like this btw
Just for active players
majority of players seeing little to no change

69 people played games this season
which is both really cool and uh ***nice***
55 played 10+
That *could* mean we will be looking at 8 teams but I am very cautiously saying that
I'd love to run a team if we're adding
Especially with MVP exodus

I believe both PB and Stav would like to create teams if we have the players for it
also, is the middle chart point distributions and # of players
yeah
its on the player survey so I will pull up the whole list then discuss it  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/11/14 午後 02:59] camdotzip just saw silly admin, was wondering who the [-3, 0] player was  {Reactions} pain  [2023/11/14 午後 03:00] camdotzip OH while im thinking about it
did the database login info change?
yeah idk why
forced me to reset password
ill get it to u tn
sounds perfect, thanks bossman
do we think this might be influenced by mvp's enjoyment of the season
and / or pooza's departure
we can talk about that during the meeting
see what his perspective is at least
when's the captain meeting happening
Jacob and Jonah schedule with everyone individually and once they are done all 6 they put together their findings and schedule a meeting with us

is roster maker accurate pointswise
No! Good reminder
If u refresh json it will be
ok I wil do that
I’ll work on the team Gen when I have time
The giant hole in my floor is priority one rn
what happen to floor : ( ?
Water damage
Painters broke toilet
unfvortunate
unfortunate
Then floor man break floor
unfortunate
Soon floor man man will break floor man
as is just

he actually improved from last season
so take that how you will

can someone ping signups
ok!
ty im in gamr
any time
(this is not true, some times I will not be able to do it)

@Admins did we ever get mondays games logged or send postgames here?
I guess same with yesterdays :(
teams were probably not up to date for that series
do we want to do that before bracket teams are decided
wont that change points from last season
no
will not affect it
and having signups be imbalanced is not ideal

Can someone do signups ping
I'm not at home otherwise I would

Do you think a 3 team round robin for if we have 15 people is a format worth looking into
Wait that wouldn't work nvm
Has to be even or else people are waiting
Are Monday/yesterday's signups logged
No
I think stat page is still empty
Probably check because may be wrong
stanley you played in both right
Not monday
who was in monday
I don't remember
Gruer for sure
@Jacob were you in monday's
i'll ask gruer
Also can we push for 20 :isforme:
I want play
i already signed up!
Ty

Yes
I'm at home now, I can send when I'm back if needed
i got it from gruer
@Stanley can you log yesteday

No I'm not home @Noam

logged

do we know when post season bracket will happen?

Yeah I’m working on assets rn
Bot#8380 :

@Admins can someone keep an eye on signups numbers so you can ping
i will not be able to
i  cannot
I'm in class so I cant

Did anyone log yesterday games?
I didbt
Didn't
I am on the road
Can you?
I also cannot same w Noam
And Jonah
I'm not home
Send the images if you can and I'll log them in like an hour
I don’t know who would have them
Oh honan would
I'll ask him
Did someone leave the server after the game ln?
Looking at signups and whoever is before Cylako is an error for me
What do you mean
I think it’s just mobile
It said like @199384652
Instead of Jeremy’s name
Cylaco sent the game screenshots yesterday
In general
Aphelios mid?
No clue ping someone and ask roles

Won't be home and able to log until like 8

Does someone else have pinging signups or should I (I'm not home yet)

Game 1 Logged
I can do that
fasting senna gets logged as adc always right
if its with a marksman or mage it gets logged as support
thresh
yeah adc
Game 2 Logged
if thats good I update scrimbo right now
actually i must leave pc for a bit i'm updating and hoping it's good
yeah that looks good
ok should be live
cool
if you could test
idk how lmao
oh
wait
yeah
Put quotes around the command I think
In the announcement
Oh you can also have only one role
We should mention that
Probably?
0.03 seconds after command becomes public hidiri breaks it
Amazing
The true life of a programmer

i swear i changed his nickname for that exact reason
can you add sup and support to the list?
also @Admins I implemented the Inactive and HasGames flags we should be chillin!
Already did
Sup and supp
Support was.in there
Should have made it "Hidiri (Hidiri)"
I wish I could be Mid/ADC/Top but I do NOT want to play sup or jg
You should make negative roles
So I could be -JG -SUP
And it would work
I think this covers all possible combinations of roles

@Dean we have had a signup disappearing issue????????
@Dean you brpoke Evan (or maybe it's unrelated to somethign you did)
can't sign up
what do
When I sign up evan he dissapears after a couple seconds

@Dean UH OH I BROKE IT
@Noam HELP ME FIX IT
Game logger logged Evan as ??? all 3 games
Becuase hes not on player list
i can't access the sql database anymore
does anyone have the updated login info for the sql database

Did you get it
I think I fixed it
Yeah I fixed it
Thank you
Games logged btw :)

What was up with Evan? Marked him as inactive?
Oh yeah I updated his rank but forgot to mark him as active
Mb

Team roles 😭

@Dean ISSUE
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN
TEAMGEN BROKE

Means it’s not possible to make teams

There wasn't anyone to go jungle or what

@Stanley what did Stav do
Nothing too bad just generally bmed through the games
Like spammed dance and stuff
Not really a big deal just made it slightly less fun

That’s stuff that we had penalized for before
So precedence tm
But no prior so prob just warning

Who sends warning?

Whoever

fine............................................................................................................................................... i'll do it...................................................................................................................................
games logged
Pog

Can someone ping signups

ty cam was just about to  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/11/19 午後 06:55] camdotzip what are dates

for bilgewater
its in the announcement
i c
:)
question
if i want to play support tonight
is it a bad idea to change my roles to support and then swap it back after tn
or is it better to just communicate that w team
I think that's perfectly reasonable personally
either is fine
depends on how bad you want to

how download tesseract
the link is there
thats the installer
thanks :)
games logged
why does it just
close

it lets you know the games are logged and closes
because it was easier at the time to do that than have it restart

It doesn’t let u log 2 per session @Cam
So having it quit was better than just baiting u into trying again
gotcha

Corned bread is having issues signing up
Probably same as what Evan had
@Dean how fix

I added him manually but not sure why he's not showing up on dropdown
will be Dean problem when he wakes up or something

It gets deleted if he's marked inactive
We need to remove the inactive mark somehow

Fixed
nice
did anyone message him saying hes good or should I

You should
Sorry I meant to fix that yesterday but forgot

games logged
Poggers

Happy Thanksgiving Admins!!!!!!  {Reactions} ❤️ (4)  [2023/11/24 午後 03:31] camdotzip So for arena and tft scrims do we just name a day or special signups page

Just do days at first and if they’re still super high demand we can make it separate
I still want bot functionality working with signups before we start getting too crazy with stuff

I messaged hidiri
TLDR need to get the quiz and such updated
But I’ll get on that and reach out to him once it’s done  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/11/27 午前 11:34] jeandones @Stanley @Jacob @Jonah any progress?

On your respective things
No
I've been very busy between break and cramming work for break
Kk

@Noam no one voted on the proposition so I never pinged
So I guess it’s fine
:fizzshrug:
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I’ll ping after tn
We had 3 people vote but they all put yes so
I really just wanted to hear the opinion of the people who weren’t super on board originally
I don’t like doing shit like this without coming to some sort of agreeance
yeah that's fair
But if we’re not voting idk what to do
worried they will think it is because we were the team with admin and wanted to know stuff
would this be a valid thing to make a public vote
I’ll just make a note lmao
Something to the effect of forgot to send this earlier xd
Shouldn’t be an issue
I lost can't log C:
@Stanley
sory i cant log because it's an odd number date monday
i kill you
i cant log because i would die
i can't log because i hate you all

is this ab hidiri admin thing or something else
oh

i see
ya jacob noam and stan voted but i didnt hear from anyone else
so
i didnt ping
oh my bad i thought i voted yes on that
ive been very busy
yeah i mean it seems like we want to i just didnt know
btw noam just a heads up the decision we made was different from what you were asking them
just to clarify
@Noam
at least based off your screenshot not sure if you meant to word it differently
huh
i asked them if it was zed or sylas mid
isn't that what we were asking?
no
no its which player
not which role
its whos playing what
^
o
just as a heads up
if i ask
is mason playing zed or sylas
yes
that is what we are now allowing yes
that is what you can ask
okay
that's what i asked lol just didn't word good
but not "is sylas or zed your mid laner"
i figured it could be you meant to say something else
no worries i just wnated to clarify

So I assume no one logged last nights games?
Ok looks like we are missing a lot of games
This is the first series that wasn’t logged
So we’re missing 4
Including today
We’ve had admins in these series right? Why are they not getting logged
Did we miss any before them?
@Admins
Double checked, there should be 12 total series logged after tonight, 8 logged so far, only missing the 4 most recent ones
For future reference @Admins for signups if you do the team roles you log the games, if someone else has a better system open to hearing it
i have busy so i have not even played in a signup
same
Same here, my thought process was an admin needs to be around to set the roles so at minimum one of us is aware it happened and knows who is in it
This is the first series
can we add a post-games channel?
adding hidiri as an admin would help this issue
Yeah I was thinking that too but still doesn’t address who should do it
he's in literally every signup xd
Those 4 are the lobbies in order
I’ll do this tn or tmrw morning
Don’t think the solution to this should be pinning all the work on a new person
was a joke
b ut I logged like 8 gamers in a row..........................
but also half not a joke
but mostly a joke
It’s good that we didn’t log last nights because we were missing 2 before it anyway
We have postgames for last night but missing 11/25 11/26 and tonight’s
@Noam do you still have saturdays in your match history
i have it I think
wait
nvm
thats suynday?
nos atruday
25 is Saturday 26 is Sunday
I’m getting tonight’s from mason I can do them
We just need the other 3 first
Can you log them?
I’m on mobile rn otherwise I would
so I log those?
If you get those I’ll catch us the rest of the way up
Yes
the ones I sent?
ok
even though you specified it
people are still gonna send post game lobbies xd
We just have to give people shit if they send the wrong thing ig
logged
Tysm
I’ll get the rest before 8pm tmrw
which one do we need
this one?
We have everything now
Stan got that one I didn’t realize he was in it
my bad though
also gamelogger having issue with riot id changed names
like I remember logging them and people were in call when i did
who all is in contention for admin position?
unsure if thatsa logger bug or a website bug
also should i remove everyone from green and purple team? i've done it like the past 2 days bc i wake up and the roles are still assigned
yes pls
Oh then we are missing some game before that series
Oh wait no Stanley just logged them
no yeah he did
but i legit remember logging these games
Scared me for a sec
idk maybe i am just crazy
Maybe u misinputted password
I don’t think it tells you if it’s wrong
could be true
I think we are fine but let’s just make sure we’re enforcing #post-games and claiming games as they happen
If you assign roles it’s your job unless you get someone else to do it
it does
i think
I’ll test it
Not like anything gets logged if I put a wrong password in
some questions quck
so, everyone's name is the same on the website and the discord yes?
no
there are the ()
okay well thankfully we can ignore delimiters
why dont we have like. a submit teams button on the signup generator, that automatically assigns the team roles?
and then a corresponding button that removes all team roles
also if we are worried ab scalability we should offer a lot of discord-focused function through the website. only because rn someone *could* spoof signing up for others, which could potentially cause a mess.  current system works fine. just thinking about problems that could occur.
not sure if this has ever happened
also might be a good idea to make scrimbot go through mitosis bc if he ever goes down some of server function does too
?
it hasn't to my knowledge. but just because it hasn't doesn't mean it couldn't. if we aren't worried ab it then end of story
i know of more cases in which people could sign others up to be helpful
so I think we keep as is
okay, i agree it has good use cases. only trying to grief-proof things but i do think it's valid to not cross that bridge till we get there
Stanley’s current task is to get signups working through bots
If that adds anything to this conversation
What does this mean
if scrimbot is the grand arbiter of all function and he goes down so does his usefulness
Right
What do u mean by mitosis
I don’t think a server rack can perform cell division
we aint seen the same servers then
but if scrimbot's function continues to grow, it might not be a bad idea to delegate tasks to a scrimbot 2 or 3
2 handles signups, 3 handles player commands, 1 handles DMs, just examples. don't think it's necessary now
was just thinking earlier today (dangerous) and noticed some possible problems for the future
Is this multiple bots running off of Stanley’s computer or
I’m just confused what this would look like
yeah my server goes down all 3 would go down anyways
if @Stanley ever wants help with Scrimbot he can send me the github repo link and i can try. assuming scrimbot is made in .py or .js
ha
good one
oh right i forgot it was hosted entirely locally
github repo
He doesn’t have a repo
he doesn't have a.......
im coder from 1903
do u have..... version control...
Stanley hates version control
wha-
no? why would I need that every line I write improves it  {Reactions} 🔥 (3) cr_king_crying 😡  [2023/11/28 午後 11:07] jeandones (I disagree with his politics)
things to say to future employers
okay well. if u ever decide to make a github repo for scrimbot. i'd love to help contribute since we shackle u and throw u in the mines enough.
also i forgot scrimbot was hosted locally. in the future if we ever use a cloud service, we should split the bot though.
god
what I do is
make copy to try a change
if change is bad
delete new copy
if change is good
delete old copy
...
based
I think if I have ssh I could host it on scrimzone website but that’s another 350 so
We are already in debt.
OH. ACTUALLY. THAT REMINDS ME
asometimes i forget to delete old copy (version history!!!)  {Reactions} 😭 (2) 🔥  [2023/11/28 午後 11:09] camdotzip DEAN I KNOW WHAT A NEW ADMIN POSITION COULD BE :)
Bank robber admin
(Gives us money)
pls keep that in dms
so *if* i decide to not play this season, i'll handle everything i have planned
if I don't play, however, I'd like to find someone who I could ask to watch all games and send me highlights
what?
That task will drive someone to suicide
isn't this something the podcast does for you?
there are people who watch all games regardless :) like alana for example. also doesn't have to be an admin pos i could just ask them to do it
but no jacob the podcast doesn't entirely fill that role from what i've watched, and i do try to catch it whenever i can
I don’t think we ever show highlights
It seems very different
Than what cam is asking
oh you mean like
video highlights
if dean wants to interject me he's welcome to, but im not sure what his long-term goals are with scrimzone and i think it'd be neat to make shorts of cool plays from games
i read it as key games
like, for example, Blake's Viego top pentakill
I agree yeah it’s simply such a painful task to do
I have yt highlights of some season 1 games but it was taking up so much of my time for so little content
i think long term goal is funny hee hee hoo hoo gaming
yeah i'm offering myself to make them. i just don't always have time to watch the games, so if u want them made i'll just ask someone to get me highlights
You can ask people but afaik we have 0 people who have any willingness to do so
can't we just
alana my road dog
ask people to use the twitch clips function?
We have
and have a place to send those?
They don’t
true
i remember asking for it during frostbite
most people in the server don't watch twitch regularly
and nobody did shit
an even smaller sect know how to clip things
when u ask a crowd to do a task, people will refrain from stepping up thinking others will do it
you have to delegate
Yeah we’ve asked many times for content creation interested people or for help clipping and 0 people have been interested
If you would like to ask around feel free
so if it's cool w everyone i'm gonna reach out to people who i think would like to do it and they can help me
But don’t get your hopes up
Yeah
i mean we could try to call it out during cast
dope. if i don't play this upcoming season i'm gonna go full time content creation and try to be *the* dedicated caster etc
bc weirdly enough playing in the team format season always sucks me back into league
(it is enjoyable)
no way
Mason has said this twice xd
scrim zone....... fun........?
LOL
mason is not an admin xd
need to feel like im doing something or i might as well step down
(Make the website badge icons)
actually thanks for reminding me
:teemothumbs:
been doing legit nothing for the last week+ except applying to jobs
and like, being stuck in tutorial hell trying to brush up on like 6 different languages
Grindset
I have some ideas for them just lmk when u have time for a call so I can bounce off of u
i got 2 interviews set up for thursday, but they're both non-paid. one is a charity so im gonna pursue that regardless but the other i will drop if i get a salary offer somewhere else
Ouch
i also have some ideas so if you're free rn i can talk for a bit
getting a call back is better than being rejected from an unpaid position xd
The $0 salary would brain explode me
i like. majorly slacked in college
0 internships. no coops. little projects outside of school
Ah
so i just like. need to bite the bullet and catch up
I have “scrim zone website”
yeah i look at u and stanley and am like "wow" and have 0 credentials of my own
i have a squirrel brain when it comes to finishing projects
i have done less than you guaranteed
my projects would actively get me fired
CAP!
hilarious
Real as fuck
but hope u know dean i do put scrimzone on my resume
Ik u told me
i am milking tf ouut of it
i also kinda did some work for my brother on guacamole.gg and guac.gg
detailing and minor dev work but like. i definitely overstate how much
What is guac
uh
sorry
$guac
does that answer it :)
Crypto….
oh no....
Bot#8380 i want to have
no you don't
scrimbo no
yeah it's crypto its real unfortunate
i've heard crypto can be like
a negative on resumes
not sure if true
i guess depends, but i clarify i've done work on the websites alone
ah ok
crypto isn't inherently bad
cryptobros suck and we just do not have an ecosystem to support the massive power demand
plus all the shitcoins getting pumped out are nothing but scams and have no positives to their existance
but i have grilled my brother ab it and he has completely owned the fact that it is gambling and in gambling there are winners and losers, and that he is not forcing anyone to support his project despite ite being a zero-sum game of hype and hype alone
i think in the far future crypto can be a great thing
negative sum 😔
i disagree but I am #1 crypto hater
^
i'm #2
the idea of crypto is good i think. just a decentralized untraceable form of currency which does not require any form of minting / printing. but in practice it is incredibly bastardized
so like, to clarify i really dont like crypto. but i think that **C**ryptocurrency has potential.
500% roi how is it a scam  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/11/28 午後 11:26] camdotzip and i dislike it's how my brother makes his money but everyone has to pay the bills
WAGMI (this is impossible)
SCRIMCOIN
WE GO NOW
$SCRIM
To the moon.
april fools?
announce $CRIM?
No that’s too far
LMAO
announcing a crypto crosses the line
Unironically
yeah
that is incredibly funny to me, i wont push
the game logged correctly but this happened instead of the normal pop up

ok everything is logged
going to make assets for bracket and fix the website names sometime before 8 tn
if someone can hold me to it would appreciate

Hm
I think this means your website lagged....

:fizzshrug: if it worked it worked

lets see if i can do it in 45 mins

:smodge:
what has riot done .....

can someone ping or must it be me
got it
if no one got me noam got me  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/11/29 午後 07:53] teslaplasmabolt why are my roles not updating
@Dean what happen
did something happen with your website http requests?
Tried manually updating his roles and it didn't work (refreshed on player page and also updated JSON)
site BIG broken
blame riot
im working on it
they like regenerated all the account keys
so its
a process
to fix everything
oh woof

if anyone wants to help by just slowly refreshing the website over and over again would be awesome
@Noam @Stanley one of you got games?
doing rn
role update will probably work now but like
dont do it
because it will fuck me over
&updateroIes heehee hoohoo

ok its working
that was
a pain in the ass

What did they do that broke everything
just the riot id thing
makes it so i have to track riot account instead of league account

Ahhh ok

is update bot working
Oh bots down for some reason
I'll check when I'm home ~5 minutes
fixed
tried to start on wrong python vbersion and crashed

updated the quiz and sent it over to hidiri  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/12/02 午後 03:41] teslaplasmabolt we ping for 20?
presumably evan is inactive
probably  marked as inactive
he's played in signups before tho no
did he last season?
yeah but we had to glitch him in
okay i set him to active
did someone sign evan up and kick honan out
i did yeah
😛
do i need to log games for yesterday
itsnt that not good
to kick someone out
i mean he said he was trying to sign up first no?
i can fix it
but idk
sure but honan saw open 20th spot and claimed it
fair
its tricky but I think it should go to honan here
idk I think it's a really bad feeling to be signing up and your name shows up then disappears because of database functionality
considering we hadn't heard about this issue until the scrim was full
yeah but its probably worse to just get moved out of the top 20
alright
I don't think theres a right answer here
do we know what's going on with coffee
I think we need to at least ask honan before we do things like that
valid
or notify the person being moved why
no
i assume dean something still broke
let me messa round with it a bit
yeah idk what happened but it's not working for me either
probably something with the website?
@Dean help
what happened
update roles not working for me or captcoffee
evan should be in the first 20
he tried to sign up first
if its that big of a deal i can just sit out
either way I think someone needs to inform whoever we decide to kick out what happened and why I think
not good feeling to know you're in top 20 and then you check and you're not
ill figure this out
yesterday games logged

oh the player update isnt even making it

@Noam @Stanley can one of you ping
figure out betwixt urselves who is the 20
feel free to exclude me if needed

Ill get all games
assuming no one else has?

Logged.  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/12/02 午後 11:17] jeandones @Noam @Stanley apparently theres a LOT of champion errors in our games, lets make sure we're being better about that
I asked mason to send screenshots of all of them
so sorry i won't do better :(

which ones?
i dunno i fixed 2
but mason only noticed the ones where his champ was wrong

Games Logged  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2023/12/03 午後 10:37] teslaplasmabolt side note is it is possible to make be unable to sign up
i need to take a big break from this game (exception bracket tourney) and I am too easily convinced to play
i mean
you can mark yourself as inactive?
ok
i removed team roles
ty

Alternatively I adopt your name and icon so when people @ you there is a 50/50 chance of them @‘ing me and I’ll say no for you

oh!

Baller
We can all become Stanley
Unite!

Every admin is now Stanley
Fixed

who changed my name
✋
we shouldn't dodge name conventions just bc we're admins
feels weirdge
ruining the fun D: but valid
honestly forgot that that's how it worked
yeah names need to match the website or have their website name in parenthesis
makes it easier to look ppl up and ensures bot functionality  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/12/04 午後 05:04] jeandones and also is just better for people being able to identify other ppl
Hidiri is free from noon - 1am any day through 12/8. Let me know if you'd be able to help out with an interview at any of those times
Free tomorrow any time after 4 and Thursday all day except 4-4:30
i can do today
same here
ok i asked him abt tmrw already, a days notice is prob appreciated
i can do any time tomorrow that's not 1-2:30  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/12/04 午後 05:27] jeandones if u and noam wanna do it that would be sweet
i'd be down
i feel like more than 2 admins feels weirdge
and my brain is like
ash
i think we should all be there  {Reactions} 👎  [2023/12/04 午後 05:27] nomulus stanley symposium

no 3 stanley interview 😔

games logged

Do we need to talk to hidiri about scheduling a specific time?
tmrw at 5
is the time
sounds good
btw are captain interviews happening?
uhhh
as soon as me and jacob stop wishing for death
then yes
as in when finals are done for jonah?
^ what he said
yeah pretty much
i've got final projects as well
right

have we distributed captain surveys?
yes
we have plans for what we're going to talk about for all the interviews
we've just both been busy
👍
just wanna be in the loop bc we've had 43 unique players this season and a team 7 seems really possible
I haven’t even played a signup yet
So make it 44 lol

43/44 is still on the low end of what we want for 6 teams just so we are clear
was gonna say lol
But yeah would like to know which of the past captains are staying on before we start considering new captains
So as soon as we can get on it the better
Maybe start scheduling the meetings so that as soon as you’re done w school you can pound them out rq?

@Jacob @Noam reminder for 5 with hidiri
yup
Just drag him into discussion
For the questions ask them in order except swap the last 2
As long as he has reasonable answers for the first 4 and seems like he has motivation to do something for the last one we should be good
You guys did the interviews u know how it goes
👍
Noam and I hopped in call at 4 and made sure we were on the same page with everything
Word

Interveiew done
Responses to all rules questions seemed reasonable
Said he thinks he can bring in a lot of availability (bc some admins are really busy) and the number of admins compared to active players is smaller. He also said he's willing to learn new things for whatever needs to be done (said he has website and coding experience)  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/12/05 午後 05:22] jeandones That seems super fair
Yeah!
What does the process look like from here
I’ll give him role and can someone ping about it?
Just say he’s like a general admin
If u search announcements for admin there should be existing messages
Done!
@Hidiri hiiii!
Word
Hey Lads
im orange now
howdy dowdy
Welcome hidiri

no way hidiri.................

are we going to make team roles and calls for the tourney?
nah
just use green purple pink yellow
fair ig

Rats get green right?
yeah probably

lets gooo

@Dean could u dm me the db pass when u think ab it

i gothcu
i got him first ...
😢
ty both tho

what month / year did scrims start
ill check month
10/20/20 server creation 10/23/20 first game

its almost scrimsmas
only 10 months away

is arena permanent
wait this is admin

@Dean do u wanna try and make tomorrow an arena scrim?
since its out we can do 8 or up to 16 if we get it
prob wanna give people a heads up if we do  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/12/07 午後 07:38] jeandones you guys can do arena whenever
i just said ping an announcement when u want to and do thumbs
since its a different format
we can try and make one for tomorrow if thats fine

its all fine u dont gotta ask

I'm a bit late on the presidential election this year LOL
Imma do that rq i think
@Stanley do you remember the website?
We had a good one for polling

i forgor 💀
The link from the annoucements last year doesn't look like the same website at all which I don't understand

looks the same to me I think

dont drag ppl to spectate btw, would go against the point of the whole "wait for streams" thing

@Cam ^^^^^^^^^^^
heard mb

@Jonah @Jacob around what dates are you guys gonna be free to work on interviews? Gotten a bunch of dms recently asking about stuff that I can’t answer until they’re done
I have my 2nd to last assignment + last day of classes tomorrow
So I should be good to start working on interviews  on Wednesday  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/12/11 午後 01:33] redloheb_ My last final is on Thursday

I can also help with things starting on Thursday
I'm officially in the endgame of my schoolwork
I feel comfortable coming back to my responsibilities

Where's the bilgewater brawl stream schedule
I can't find it
announcements

Oh I couldn't find it
Could you link it
Curoisous
Oh it wasn't loading but I clicked on it twice and then it loaded
That's extremely weird
discord attachement moment
It just wasn't showing up at all until I spammed that link
Discord is functioning well it seems

@Admins wanna hear your thoughts on what games should be logged. Was initially thinking all games except fearless, but don’t really see the harm in including all games.
I think all games is fair
all is fair
I think not fearless
Curious why
From my perspective all games previously were played under the same standards and these are a different ruleset so they shouldn't be included
I wouldn't be upset if they were I just don't think they inherently should be
I think it's close enough to standard that it doesn't really matter
I was expecting them to feel super different but after playing in them it didn’t feel different than a weird signup game
Doesn’t seem much different than being on a different patch or if a champ got reworked or smth
But I think majority can rule on this one personally
All  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/12/11 午後 06:04] jeandones Not fearless  {Reactions} 👍 (5)  [2023/12/11 午後 06:04] camdotzip Fearless definitely changes how the ecosystem functions. Not sure how I feel about them being logged, or at least i'd like to talk about it more before they are.
Ok I’ll just do the other ones then
I think there’s enough dissent that it makes sense not to
Can we add a weight or something to games
So we could log them but have them not count as much
It'd feel kinda bad to not be able to look back and see those games
Is my issue with not logging them
im good with that solution
honestly i can see both sides here
Frostbite not logged tm
fearless is substantially different in terms of drafting but generally i think they can be logged or not
But yeah I see the issue with having half logged and half not
overall in terms of actually rift games its marginal
Bot#8380 i's just having no
I think whether they count or not I'm either way on I don't really care
I do want them to be visible  {Reactions} 👍 (3)  [2023/12/11 午後 06:12] hidiri thats fair
I’ll make a system to make them not count
I think I’m fine excluding frostbite and similar tournaments in the future but this type of tourneyfeels closer to a signup
is there anyway to isolate the games between signups and sorta for funs
Not currently
I think generally for fun ones shouldn’t be logged but exceptions can be made for games like this where half a tournament should be logged and a couple games won’t be
They'll be streamed
In terms of being able to look back at them
I think it would be weird to have half a tournament in the stats page but the last few games just aren’t there to Stanley’s point
I like them being visible but not counting
Didn't see that before I voted
i visible but not counting is a good way of putting it

before i start logging this are we caught up on other games?
WE ARE NOT
@Stanley can u log the last set of signups rq
wait nvm
im
moron
this is wrong tho
ill fix

@Dean i think scrimbot message needs to be handled by you or we all need to talk ab it
yeah ill talk to him
ill see what his suggestion is then send here  {Reactions} 👍 (4)  [2023/12/12 午前 12:19] teslaplasmabolt is there a "large group of players" who want to be subs but can't play 10 games?

i don't believe so
plus competitive integrity > having to play 6 more games in a 3 month period
imo
i second this
its not even 6 more series its 6 more games
if you play 2 series that go to 3 thats it

2-3 more signups over a 3 month period is not too much I don't think

Ok he had one suggestion that was just bad but the other one was to keep separated sub and starter requirements, but if you’re running someone who is playable as a sub but not a starter they decrease your point cap by a little
Honestly not opposed to it
Wanted to talk it over w y’all
Also not really in favor of it but
As in once a sub hits 10 games the small point penalty goes away?
Yep
Hmmm
What was his bad idea lol
Uh it was really complex but it was basically don’t change anything but ban using subs past a certain point in the season
I think there are some teams with A team and B team structures (like if one player is available you have a set of people to play with them vs if they aren't you have a different main set of players)
And those teams would not really work with that system
They would if all their players had 10 games
Ah I read your message wrong
And the point dock would be calculated into the roster thing so it would b pretty seamless
Is there a chance someone would see that change, say "my sub will probably gain more points by playing than the penalty is worth, so I will call them a sub but run them as a starter"?
Yes.
Once that happens enough times it doesn't matter tho because their points would be locked once they got to 10 games
I think if we did 10/6 for game requirements and 3 points for the bump it would be fine
i think we keep the 10 point req
Team format games don’t count
10 game*
I feel like they should if we do that system
we've gotten like one person saying its bad
If they don't I hate it
i don't thinkwe need to change it for that
Their rating would still change but the team games won’t count towards the requirement
I agree but I’d like to consider this idea and see what it would look like before we make a decision
idk I don't like changing the point cap for no reason
Don’t think of it as changing the point cap think of it as adding points to a player
B/c it’s the same
yeah but thats always going to be inferior to 6 games of balance
Right but the cost is to the team using the sub, not to the other teams which solves the issue
and im of the opinion of if you can't find the time to play 10 games in 3 months you shouldn't be taking up roster space
This is a concept a few other people have suggest anyway
i mean someone could gain way more than 3 points in 6 games right
Regardless I’d still like to talk over the concept before we make a decision any idea that we approach with it being a terrible idea is going to be bad
get new good player -> have them mess around 4 games -> win season
It would be 4 games, I said 6 games req
3 points in 4 games is close to the max possible
If not above the max
What if we did it so that the adjustment is (max point gain per game) * # of games under 10
This feels more gameable
Bot#8380 i like the squirrels should have no
I think this is most fair of this system
but I think the 10 games is also to make sure we have players that can play
My intention was to make it the oppisite of gameable
there is an availability requirement
This is why I suggested 6, would account for people who could play normally but are maybe more busy during finals/holidays
there's still 1.5 months right
plenty time for 10 games
This way a sub played in this way will always be overpointed or fairly pointed
They can never be underpointed
The 3 I said is above the max for the 4 games of leniency
i have played 0 so far
And it basically guarantees overpointed but encourages completing signups
oh wait 2 because the tourney
how many do i need
10
I like
or at least don't dislike
idk I kinda want teams made up of people who play signups
we found that last season there wasn't really a distinction between starter and sub
so I think we should just remove it
most simple and elegant solution
Right so creating a distinction and still requiring 6 games I think is a good compromise?
Distinction being subs cost 3 more points
I think there are disadvantages to having all players be starters
1) Less total players
were not saying no subs
2) Some players might be dissatisfied by total play time
just subs have the same requirements as starters
what do you mean
Right
Right but if someone is active enough to meet the starter requirements then they are effectively a starter
i mean
yes
but we dont put them on a team as one
teams will still have subs
I think allowing people who are slightly less active is ok as long as you can’t gain an advantage from it
Because no one was upset that teams had subs, they were upset that the subs weren’t being used fairly
If every player on every team is an active player then it's hard for everyone to get a lot of play time
yeah but you don't sign 8 players and tell everyone they're a starter
but not all the players want full play time
yeah
Especially b/c we had teams where some subs didn’t get to play a single game, if you force someone to play 10 games and then bench them all season it sucks
you still pick up players as subs
Which I get
If we let more people join teams as subs we have the potential for more teams
this
that would be a failure of the captain though
If the idea is being considered, are we fine with 10 starter games, 6 sub games, with a 3 point cost to subs who haven’t played 10?
I’d like an initial vote on the concept before we start debating our stances, because if it’s an overwhelming majority one way or the other then that would save us some time
how much is a win with good kda
points increase wise
Like half a point for the win the kda is really hard to pinpoint exactly but after 6 games of weight you aren’t changing much
are you sure
even with a relatively little amount of games
I can run a simulation if u need me to but yes
i think it should be a realistic absolute max increase on 4 games
I agree on that
The max increase would be if they went like 0/1/0 6 times in a row and then 15/0/15 4 times in a row
But I don’t think that’s realistic
i mean players could int their first 6 games
accounting for that what would the point increase be
They could int their first 10 games
yeah but thats more obvious
Not by much?
66% more games
What
Oh
Yeah
still not ideal
and not too much more obvious but
I mean it’s not just the “bad kda” it’s also the
Very short games
Like 0/1/0 would add less weight than 0/10/0
hm
would like 5 points increase be fair or too muchg
i'm a fan of a more brutal req here
Assuming the average bad scoreline is like 3/8/2 and the average good scoreline is like 13/4/6
sure you *can* play then with 6 but you really should get 10
style
This would add 1 point
Almost exactly
per game or overall
Over the 4 games
So +2 for wins +1 for kda
And I think if the scorelines are more extreme than that it’s dead obvious
You could say 4 or 5 but I think that’s super punishing to the people who this rule is designed to actually help
like who would this help is my question
As much as I don’t trust Blake’s intentions there is an actual target for this change
i'm personally not aware of any situations
curiours
Heelie and Russ are the examples he gave
Mimi if she still wants to play
heelie was job locked
whole season
1 day a week availability
So that means he’s not allowed to be added to a team that has roster space?
i mean he probably should not have been eligible
when I signed him I wasn't aware of how little availability he had
i ovb don't holt it against him or anythingh
Did you ask him
what do you mean
Did you ask him what his availability was going to be like during the season when you signed him
Bot#8380 ehhh i forgot they gotta put a fourth demigod  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/12/12 午後 02:02] teslaplasmabolt yeah
of course
I knew he wasn't super free but not 1 day a week
But your team still played all your games on time except for one week
I just don’t see the issue with him being on a team
If he’s invested in the league and dedicated his time to playing signups
I mean I don't think this rule change is for him really
It’s not like people can’t play 10, and then have a job change
well yeah but thats rarer
It’s really hard to know what’s going on in ppls lives so it’s hard to have specific examples but there’s a lot of players who are dedicated to the league sitting at 2-3 games rn and getting them in over the holidays will probably be hard for a lot of people
So I do think there’s a pool of ppl this would help
I think most of the people this would help would then, very quickly, get their 10 games in
But it allows them to be signed off the bat
maybe? im of the opinion that pool has no people
I strongly disagree
I would like to reiterate can we please just focus on finding a good baseline for the rule and THEN discuss whether it’s a good idea?
We keep flip flopping
Stanley is 3 points agreeable? Yes/no
I think more
4 is what I think is fair
I like 4 personally
Ok
@Admins thoughts on keeping starter/sub requirements separate at 10/6 games, but subs will be worth 4 additional points? The reason for this proposal is that it would possibly allow for more people to participate in the season, per Blake  {Reactions} 👍 (4) 👎 (2)  [2023/12/12 午後 08:21] camdotzip Hello i have no read this thread which is why i an posting outside of it, i dislike the idea of increasing sub point count and will say more when i get home
Can someone log this game? My game logger is broken
nvm ill do it manually
logged

So
Why did we have Bilgewater Brawl instead of Frostbite '23?
wdym?
frostbite is in january
we just cant schedule it until we get captain surveys done
👍
ah ok

Can we start pushing signups again starting Monday? Maybe like a players ping abt needing to get placements in by early January
I’m turbo busy through Friday but if y’all can help out would be much appreciated

I'm super busy until tomorrow evening, if it's not done by then I will

@Dean are Bilgewater Brawl games supposed to count as season games in stats page?
No but I haven’t had time to fix it yet
yeah me and jacob really like it
All captain interviews done
Are we gonna do a meeting to go over it like last season?

Yep lmk when works
My timing is gonna be rough for the next few weeks so might have to be everyone but me and we spark notes it

Im down to draft an idea, bring caesarius on to help look at it, and allow anyone to help coach? I think only allowing people of a certain rank threshold would be fine but I think it would happen naturally.
Also, separate idea, anyone outwardly against or for displaying rank and lane preference on the discord as a role?

im not
against by any means
i think its good but I think we should have a rank req
otherwise we could have a lot of people yelling at eachother
right
there has to be some kinda prerequisite
my thought was a play prereq
like how captains are shown to be moral members

Give us some times that work king we should be easing up schedules (some of us) over the next coming weeks

Wednesday, Thurday, and Friday all work for me pretty much all day
Can't do the weekend at all

exactl opposite of my avail lmao
yall just go w/o me

well i fixed this but also just merged season 6 and season 7
source control moment

who is logging games
i was going to
going to do it manually
yep thats how i did it
i let stanley know its not working
games logged
ok i think the game logger might be fixed?
Hwei image appeared to be an empty file
thanks riot

Lovely

yeah that would do it
Riot api consistent impossible challenge
if the game logger still doesnt work you may need to go into the install directory and delte the hwei.png
Oh boy
need coconut.jpg
well I can verify it works if you havent opened it since before hwei
so if its still crashing its the bad hwei.png
because if its already downloaded a champions image it will just use that one

Hey @Admins can someone other than just Erik and I work to get the meeting with Jacob scheduled for this week! Thanks
I'm free literally whenever
Maybe we should set up a when2meet
if its before 3 or after 8 and you spam ping me 300 times i'll be there
I could do 11 PM on Friday but that’s probably it but don’t plan around me so I’m not gonna put my name on the window made it we made one

*when2meet
OH i can't do friday
I will be retrieving sister from college
maybe if its 11pm but very unlikely

I think too late to do Wednesday but we could do tomorrow  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/12/20 午後 07:30] camdotzip Hey! I'm on mobile can someone ping signups?

Also my schedule for a meeting is anytime on weekends, and anytime after 3pm on mon-thurs
I can do anytime before 5 and anytime after 11:30 on fridays
Figured it's usually easiest for me to agree or disagree on times bc my schedule is a little sporadic
I'm dropping from signups
Joey is taking my spot

@Noam carrot needs his games are u good to give him the pass?
also is the only sub joey for jacob
before i send to sign ups
Yeah carrot can have my sour
Spot
noted
Sorry guys didn't think we'd take so long to get food
you are fine

how's ian doing
fine, emoted a little bit when really ahead so asked for someones sake to dial it back a bit  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/12/20 午後 09:06] hidiri overall good

am i logging these games
and if so is the logger working?

its working 100% if you've never used it before
if you have you *may* need a simple fix
and I believe whoever assigned roles does the logging

then i log but havent done it
you can use website (CRINGE) or install the gamelogger
logger isnt working for me so where is the website logger
ill do it manually
did you install tesseract
as well
yeah it launched and everything but image scanning isnt work
so im currently trying file format
whats the error in the console
N OOOOO
:nodean:
im trying to get another game logger user
lmao stanley youve been working on the project non stop u can fix this in a sec if it doesnt work
rest your brain
nono
my creation MUST work
Someone should tell Neptune that the info corrections thing won’t do anything if he hasn’t registered to the website yet
kk
Now bro is going to ask “how do I register”
Don’t say anything just let it happen
tell me error 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭
also where are all tehse new people from
tesseract isnt in the path
valor
ah
screenshot :isforme:
hm
where did you install tesseract
c drive
default location or did you move it
default
whats the isntall folder
curooisus
wdym whats the install folder
like named?
the path it isntalled to
it says its there but it isnt
phantom install
hidiri i think we gave the same wallpaper
oh thats strange
persona 5 laoding screen hell yeah
so tesseract didn't install right?
mine is a static image
idk if yours is
did you run administreaot  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/12/20 午後 10:25] hidiri what?
what in this is whats needed for the program to run
Evil message. I know what it means but barely  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/12/20 午後 10:34] hidiri did he mean run the program as admin
Yes LMAO
i figured
im going to manually do this for today and we can continue this another time
i need to ensure its logged tonight
ill try to use the tool if we can make that work
wait where is this
on my drive in the folder assigned to the tesseract setup
I thought it didnt exist
deleted the phantom file and reinstalled it
oh dies it work now
the program works now on your end?
huh
does it work for you
i am assuming no
nevermind mine does not
hm
the games are logged
hm ok I give up we fix another day

I got the same error as hidiri
games logged

Did we have a meeting or no
no
i'm not free saturday evening

I'm in Jersey for the weekend

@Cam we’ve been sending the signup announcements in #signups to reduce clutter

heard thanks

have we figured out a date for team signings and things?
i'm free tomorrow evening if we want to have a meeting to discuss
also to talk about captain interviews
Yeah I think we needed to get that meeting done in the wed-Friday window Jacob gave
I’m just trying to figure out who is staying on as captain and the rest of the captain stuff so I can starting working out everything.
I have a couple ideas but I don’t want to pitch them until we have gone over that info

Every captain seemed interested in staying on (other than Logan of course)
I'm back at a computer tomorrow
I can distill the info to a summary then

Was mainly referring to the fact that per the guidelines we set valor is below the levels needed to stay on, wasn’t sure how that interview went

He said he's going to attempt to be more active in the server, he attruted his inactivity to having mostly new players who didn't talk in the server (it seems like his new team might also be new but we'll see how that goes)
That was his main low scoring category (although most of his others were also below average)
He seemed invested in improving (Jonah pls lmk if you  agree on this) so I think he should get one more chance with the new team

That’s in line with what I was thinking/expecting
Just wanted to know how it went

Sounds right to me

I made a presidential poll for next year
Don't respond yet
I made the candidates list: current president, all season 7 captains, all admins
And there is a write in option
Unless someone has an objection to the list (either adding or removing someone), I'll post in announcements  {Reactions} 👍 (4)  [2023/12/27 午後 02:28] jeandones Ok @Jacob @Jonah can you guys just type something up or send your notes, doesn’t seem like a meeting is being planned/scheduled anymore and I really need that info

- Every captain either 1) has been made aware of below average scores and has actionable plans to improve or 2) has no low feedback scores - Very few captains had any issues with the format, the main positive that was shared was the scheduling system and the main negative had to do with lack of a break week - Multiple captains brought up an issue of weak of team identities (relating to rosters) - Ideas:  - Double elim for playoffs  - Improve communication between captains and admins  - Coaching channel

Thank you
Did people generally like double round robin?
Because trying to do  - break week - double rr - double elim
Is really hard given we only have abt 14 weeks

Nobody really mentioned it, so I have to assume they did

It’s probably gonna go bye bye
From how things are looking
Was the break week thing from multiple people?
Yeah
1 specifically mentioned it
And 2 others mentioned something about having to play multiple games at the end which I view as a direct consequence of no break week

Won't single RR be really short
I don't really think we have enough teams for double elimination bo3
Also who won presidency
Just announced
We had less votes this year 😭
🤡 yes
But I think ppl want 7-8 teams so
Do we have enough players
And double elim bracket should still make sure best team wins
We don’t have enough players for 6 teams so 🤷🏻‍♂️
I’m thinking through a few options rn
I think delaying season start and trying to expand to more teams is the best option
Yeah then if we add any teams we have have for sure a couple of implosions
B/c I think we have enough people interested in playing but not enough people who have actually played the right amt of games
I need to run the numbers
That's on them tho imo
I am aiming to avoid implosions
Then my proposal is just keep 6 teams
For this season
Ok yeah but if we just say fuck everyone and run the season on time then we have like 4 teams and that sucks
Also we are just so far behind on everything that we need to delay anyway imo
We can delay if we don't have 6 but delaying for even more doesn't seem the best option to me
We’ve been doing a terrible job this off-season
Huh?
If I want to do a poll about yearly vs seasonal elections, should I do that in announcements or suggestions?
Suggestions
Ok cool
Way behind on scheduling everything and lack of communication on a lot of stuff
Ok let's sort it out now
I have to drive home tn
Leaving in 5 minutes
drive safe king
🫡
It’s more of a systemic issue than something we can solve rn i think
It feels like if anyone asks for anything besides me people don’t listen
And idk why that is
Also idk I do think that in general I've been feeling that we've been caving to a lot of pressure from people but I do think most people have no idea how to run a server like this
I'd like to gauge you all's feeling on that
That seems accurate to me
Tomorrow I’ll run the numbers on how many people we have for next season and pull up who was interested in being future captains and we can go over that in case we need expansion
Sounds good
Bot#8380 shadow clones to have you
Yeah
Tentatively thinking we announce 1/8 as the signing date and see how many players we have then and have one or two expansion teams pre-set up as needed
that sounds like a good plan to me
Yeah
Also BLARE out a message that there isn't much time left to get your games in
Yep that’s something we should have been doing all month
But yeah
Ok I drive now
Love y’all happy holidays
Love you
Happy Holidays!!!!
@Jacob we prob should put term limits
For presidency
Thoughts?
why lol presidency is an empty position
literally means nothing other than a different role
Would be nice to give more people the opportunity
I think if one person is president for long enough it'd become a narrative to find a challenger
Is my line of thinking
Ideally
Maybe but idk
isn't that why we're adding campaign seasons and potentially reducing terms to one season?
Yeah that would work I've heard nothing about that though
Then you haven't been reading general chat since the election was annoucned lol
Yeah new discord update make it hard to read everything
So laggy :(
It sucks ass yeah
Also I've been playing yakuza
oof mobile is rough

player count is 27 starters / 6 subs / 16 with some games but not enough
i still have played 0 signups lol  {Reactions} 😭  [2023/12/28 午後 02:09] jeandones we are currently in the range for 4 teams
if everyone who has played games plays enough, we are at 6
this is counting the fearless bo3 as signups
idk what it is if we dont
but definitely less
Ill ping this at 5. Not sure we need to line up extra team with how its looking but I will go over the list just in case
Here are the Yes answers (penalty count listed in parenthesis)  Banned based off previous captain behavior -  Mason (5) Blake :3 (2)  Solid candidates ranked by number of games played overall -  Jacob (0!) Honan (0!) Garrett (0!)  Questionable, also ranked by games -  PB (2) Taxi (3)  Is going to be a captain already - Sarvaris
Seems to make sense to ask Jacob and Honan first, Garrett is probably gonna be too busy to captain this season but will keep him in mind for the future
Arnye Jackson justin (cylako) Iya Stav Joey kathy Erik O. Hidiri BigMythikk Avery  here are the maybes for what its worth
were looking into 7th team with this yeah?
id prefer if we do 6 or 8 but yeah this would be for teams past 6
ok
the maybes are captain nominees?
7 makes scheduling really messed up bc it forces break weeks on teams when they might not want them
this?
they said they might be interested in captaining
ok
i dont think that list is super important but just wanted it to be out there
ok
Unproblematic, interested, and active
if we feel like other ppl listed would be better options im open to it, but i feel those are pretty objective criteria
Dont both Taxi and PB meet the requirements? I'm pretty sure they've both expressed desire to captain and are active. I think the only issue with either is Taxi's issue a year ago but he's been fine since. I am pretty sure there are more people (last I heard Stav was also maybe interested) in the same boat.
did i also hear hidiri was interested at one point or am i tripping
but this is true
Second
he said maybe
yes but it is probably better to default to people who have had no issues at all, and they also have fewer games than the other 3
yeah
thats fine
this is only if we get enough players for 7 teams though
right?
pb was not problematic thought right? or did something happen im not remembering
he was
he got one weeked during the season
forget why exactly
but i remember they had to sub him for a game bc of it
this season?
s5
oh ok
play ur games 😠
yeah
i'll signup again if theres 9
I must do my part to get us back to 6 teams
i signed up for the bracket
how do I un unactive myself in the database
it might be time for my return to leageu of legends 😔
Bot#8380 you can't know this stuff banned for you is inedible
oh ok
ill do it
we might have to do a point shift, i need to run the numbers but i think the average player is nowhere near 19 points anymore
doubt it
we had a huge influx of high point players
uh oh
so what would this affect
team size
what
right?
like higher poitns for teams?
no it would just make it so every player is cheaper
ah ok
so effectively this yeah
i need to be absolutely sure of the numbers before i make a decision but just messing around with the roster tool its
a bit yikes
I mean I feel like also we have lower point players being less active currently
which makes sense
right
I think its a natural progression
people who play league more get to higher points
i think we blare out a "GET YOUR GAMES IN NOW"
and see after
i mean we had like 10 or so emerald/diamond players join recently and play
^
agreed
I just wanted to say i noticed it so if it needs to happen we arent all shocked
i love being described this way
i love u being this way
my support 🫡

where captainchat

its in season 7 now
i cant see it
it says youre in it
check your channels&roles settings
discord updates have sucked over the last year dk what to tell you
i figured it out ty
Bot#8380 1 v 4  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/12/28 午後 04:08] barisaxxy I think I make a really good captain but my level of activity is too low and makes more me not gathering the best talent

Also I think we will (fingers crossed) see an influx of players next week because of the deadline being finalized I would assume
People tend to procrastinate  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/12/28 午後 04:11] jeandones Also holidays are over so ppl will be bored of their families :)
Agreed
:disappointed:
i will log now
logger tool still broken :pain:  {Reactions} smodge  [2023/12/28 午後 05:52] nomulus logged

It's fixed
Go into the install folder and delete hwei.png
i do not have the file
but it did not work last time i tried
You have an alternate issue
oh my
Idk what's going on with your install but its the only one that does that
i will reinstall
google drive is being rude
Can someone mark me active on the website
idk how
nvm i found it
i did it
do you want me to sign you?
I can do that
Games logged
reminder of this\

were those games still not logged
oh thats totally mb, i think that was the night i told stanley the tool broke
i can manual log them now if we need to
does it matter that if it's out of order?
it means that anyone who played tonight who was in that series hasn't had their points updated
so me honan and valor
need to be on top of these things, I think once an admin logs games they should react to the postgames with a checkmark  {Reactions} ✅ (2)  [2023/12/28 午後 10:26] hidiri ill log those rn if thats fine
im gonna try and use the tool and if it doesnt work ill do it manually
Probably means tonights games will count slightly less as the games are slightly less balanced
Still something we want to be on top of but
Nothing catastrophic
it means that it might have created the teams differently today
true
it's not the end of the world but it's something we want to avoid
inshallah it works now
It was actually dean that broke it
i blame dean lmao
His website had a bad hwei png that broke the logger
right
its kinda a pain to log back but its my fault anyway
did we get the series above foojer?
which one
i dont think so so im doing both, the one cylako sent
thats what u posted earlier right?
jacob sent that
if that's the one you're talking about
yes
im doing that series then foojers series
ill mark them as i go
nah i got those when they happened
the foojer ones
u got foojers?
ok cool
past that is all good i think
kk

If by me you mean riot then yes
Bot#8380 hong why is there is after picking up yet
They were the one who sent me the bad image
So are all the series in order or not
This is what I thought we were doing 😭😭 thanks noam for pointing it out
Bot#8380 :
Scrimblo loves me tn

hi hi I can start work on graphics and logistics for a Valentine's Day Arena tourney. Is Arena staying around that long?
Just wanna it by you guys before I start anything

Arena is going away in a week
What's happening with signups
idk
the thing i said in annoucnements
is happening with signups
You said 7:15 so I was confused
yeah i
typoed
i dont know why it said that time
it made no sense
bro what............................
i thought arena was to stay this time
it says in the client that its going away on the 8th
I also thought it was to stay
man
for updates or is it just rotating out completely
if so that is lame
idk i mean maybe the client is just bugging out i have no clue
yeah dean is just gonig off what it says in client
i'll look into it
thank u for the heads up that it might possibly not be staying  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/12/30 午後 07:45] camdotzip Arena is not permanent this rotation, however Riot is open to keeping it. They are pulling it in January to evaluate the gamemode again.
so not likely gonna be for valentines

if we only have 4 teams (i hope not D: ) what would we do
kick off the 2 lowest rated captains or something?

Unsure. Dropping to 4 teams limit the possible match variance considerably and would be hard to cut 2 teams out

yeah though its pretty much determined by the number of players we have
not much we can do worst case scenario

from captain chat, it looks like we have 3 teams who know their players already
So we'd presumably keep those teams
And then we'd also keep whoever signs enough players to make teams

Yeah
Just feels really awkward to tell 2 captains they aren’t captains this season

I think it would probably make the most sense to ask anyone if they’d like to drop out, and then go by ratings  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/12/31 午後 01:18] jeandones It obv sucks to cut teams but if we can’t run that many teams we can’t run that many teams.  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/12/31 午後 01:18] jeandones This works too
Also no one answered me on this @Admins
order of the games in the series or in general by date
because by date i dont think so but all are logged
Ok
That answers my question
We should fix that
And then log the games from ln
ln games are logged
Ok good
Ty to whoever did that
i did, ive made a habit of doing it if im in the signup directly after
Sounds good just make sure multiple of us aren’t doing that, sending a message in this channel saying that you’ll get them is a good way to go about it
heard
If someone can let me know which series are out of order that will help me fix it faster
We could do a system that if you are logging a game you react with 🟨 and once it's logged you switch to 🟩

that works

Should we prioritize starting rosters over subs
Bc I think there are like 2 teams that already have starters + 3-5 subs figured out
Which is fine, we need subs, but maybe we want to prioritize having more teams than having fewer teams with more players?
issue is teams kinda need ~3 subs or else SCHEDULE KABOOM
we can't really just stretch the players we have thinner
Yeah I think that's a good point
if it does get bad
we could ask captains if theres anyone willing to be sent over
but lets try to get as many signups running as possible
(and prioriotize players without 10 games)

^
How we’ve been doing it is telling captains not to sign more than 5 players until each team has about that many
Which I think can work here
But especially if there’s a point shift everyone’s gonna have to rethink rosters anyway
We should hope each participating team has abt 8 players

Have we considered an everyone ping instead of just a players and updates ping. Some people may not be aware of the season starting soon

I mean we could but the point of having players separate from silent is because those people asked to not be pinged
Everyone who is registered on the site is either players or silent and you have to specifically opt into silent

Doing one might be kinda valid. There could be people who have Silent yet might be down to play. I wouldn't be upset over a single ping tbh.
That was my thought
We could be losing potential players by not pinging
Also some people could be set to silent while waiting for a new season to start
I mean I just looked in the silent role
doubt any of those people would play (that aren't already)
could be wrong though
Wouldn’t we also be pinging people who haven’t picked any roles though
Not just the silent people
doesn't everyone that can play have the players role
So if we do an everyone there’s a chance we could get some people who haven’t picked a role
I feel like just doing an everyone to cover our bases can’t hurt
it'd only target people who haven't signed up yet
But that’s fine
We’re short on players rn
They didn’t just disappear
well they certainly aren't responding to the players role pings
which they'd be in
So an everyone will make sure that anyone who could possibly be interested for any reason knows about it
i mean i suppose
i don't like pinging people that asked to not be pinged but at the end of the day it's just a discord server
Even if we do it and it doesn’t get anyone’s attention it’s better to just send one out I think
So we should just ping unregistered then and explain how to sign up
yeah that would work
If anyone wants to do that feel free
I’m on mobile
I think that doing an everyone ping and then just putting it in the message that people who are unregistered can register is a better idea
We’re a public server I think it’s ok to send out 1 at everyone ping this one time to make sure have a successful season
I think if you’re pinged specifically using the unregistered role you’ll be more likely to pay attention
thats true
Cam has talked abt this before cuz when we just ping wide groups of people, no one tends to respond
Which is a super valid point
Ok that’s fair
So if we are trying to target a specific group we should ping them
I’m just saying if we use an at everyone ping twice a year to advertise our season starts and make sure we’re getting as many people as possible I don’t think it’s a bad thing
People can live with 2 pings a year
How active are the people with the silent role anyway? If they aren’t active and don’t want pings then we shouldn’t be worried about annoying them
I don’t think we should be going about it with the mindset of it not mattering if we’re annoying inactive players, I know personally if I get a ping from a server that I don’t want notifs from (especially if I selected roles specifically to not be pinged) it’s more likely to just get me to leave the server, but if they never ping me I might remember it once in a while and hop back in
Silent is generally for ppl who will occasionally play an in-house when they’re bored and probably won’t play team format
I think pings should stick to either players or unregistered, as that will target the specific groups we are looking to reach
I’ve used @ everyone a couple times for really important rule changes and about that bot thing but when it comes to participation in a format that not everyone is even in the server to play in it seems weird.
Like I agree reaching more people is good but the audience we’d be reaching that we wouldn’t otherwise is the people who like specifically are uninterested in what we’d be pinging them about
Ok
But like
If the people who are in silent don’t add anything to the server why do we care if they leave?
I think if we just keep encouraging signups like we’ve been doing yesterday (where we had multiple ppl under 10 games who are interested in playing) we will get to 6 games
This is not listening to the point I made at all and I think it’s a shitty way to view the ppl in the server who are less active
Like there’s a lot of diff types of ppl in the server I think we should be respectful of how much time diff ppl can dedicate to it and if they just wanna play every once in a while that seems fine to me
The original intent of the server was to run pickup inhouses on a day you felt like it so I think not making space for ppl who want to participate in that manner is odd
I think that advertising the main attraction of the server that bring a in the most people is more important than keeping 15 people happy
We’ve had similar discussions before regarding making everyone happy
Right so why can’t we ping players and unregistered?
We’ve randomly lost 1/3 of our main player base
B/c that is everyone minus the people who asked not to be pinged
If we’re actually looking at 4 teams
I don’t think we are! I think if we keep running signups we are not having any issues at all, making the active players aware of the deadline should be enough, we still have like 50 people who have played this season
Just not everyone has played enough to reach the threshold
If we’re not looking at 4 teams then why are we already talking about cutting captains
It can’t be both
Because it makes sense to have plans in case of emergency?
We are a little behind where we are normally b/c the 2 ppl who push signups the hardest took a league break
I don’t think it’s like defcon 1
But since we’re not ahead of schedule like normal it makes sense to have a contingency
Which we probably should have considered when writing team format rules anyway
I think pushing the information that’s essential to the main attraction of our server is more important than not pinging at most 15 people who have a preference for no pings. But if I’m outvoted then so be it
I think the people we should be reaching out more to are ppl in your position who are longtime players but haven’t been playing as many signups as normal, so if you have insight on why you haven’t been playing I think that would be a helpful thing to work with
Going off of this point
Finding out why we are losing players seems better than trying to gain ppl if we can’t hold on to existing ones
But also I think the unregistered ping would be a really good idea b/c we are hitting players who might be interested
And is going towards what you were looking for originally
And we can give specific information to unregistered players in a shorter and more targeted message
I’m not disagreeing with your core points I’m just trying to find ways that we can more effectively reach the ppl that we want to reach and I think @ everyones are generally pretty poorly received
Getting insight on why previously very active players are less active is something you brought up that I think is a really good point, and so is contacting ppl who haven’t already been playing games.

I might need a little unregistering from tonight if anyone can do that
GPS just updated and traffic 👀👀👀👀
@Noam @Cam :isforme:
got it
Tysm
Joey brought this to my attention
Oh huh
Maybe it’s at a diff url and I Fucked up the links
LMAOOO
Bot#8380 jake, ill join us more sup too broke

big joel

Joel, Dean { Hidiri { Erik O, An, Michael, Drago, Taxi} }

someone else log this series please
my head is killing me
im going to kms

It's whoever did the roles
That's the rule we set
when
i'll do it but don't remember that being the rule
logged
Y'all good?
what you mean
What playing into mason does to a mf

ah

what happened
taxi internet KABOOM
ah

if i log that im going to kill myself
unironically
idk how we're going to log this
just dont lig game 1

^
If you didn’t play out the game don’t log it

how are we looking player-wise
how many do we have/need for 6 teams
we've been getting some more players right?

@Jonah @Noam what happened with logging games last night
38 rn I believe so yeah better
nice
we have 5 days right
Just until it opens
So like 12 really
and the player requirements are the ones in teh team rules doc right?
Yeah
huh you said we determine on the 8th
Oh yeah
Sorry I just meant players have that long to get their games not for our end
Bot#8380 yup will't hurt
yeah
5 days then
I was just gonna ping for signups
maybe we should blast a "5 DYAS LEFT"
Ok
Can u do that and I’ll check the doc
what if I wanted to check the doc....
jk
We need 4 more people
So
for 6?
I think we can just call it 6
Yeah
We’re at 5 rn and by god I am not doing 5
I can personally vouch for drago and Erik to reach their games
But still do the ping
what wrong with 5

do I @ players and updates or just players
Odd number bad
Both sure
ok done
just make one team play twice

That is kinda the opposite of what captains asked for tho
And the issue is that break weeks depend on other teams and seeding tourneys always feels bad as well
Even is just better

I didn't log, was told the person who did roles was supposed to log
Also there was only 1 loggable game last night (Taxi router and Carrot mom diff)

Oh
I thought it was 2 games

@Dean i double logged game 2 by accident
my bad
Don’t log game 3
there is no game 3
so
no worries there
I’ll just replace 2 with 3
Oh
Fuck
yeah
i know deleting is harder
I have to like
As in you logged 1 and then logged 2 twice?
Or only logged 2?
yes
Reset the whole thing cuz it’s indexed
1st one
Ok I’ll get it
ty sorry
It’s fine
Happens

is there frostbite/when will it be if so
for this season

I pinged abt dates earlier
I’ll find it again tmrw

i found it no worries

ok yeah average is still 19 im trippin
mb gang

Ok cool
Business as usual
Maybe when new players join it pushes everyone down or something

When u join it lifts everyone up <3

CUDEE
Wait so @Dean how does presence calculation work?
i will log tonights games if thats fine
as a heads up
It’s accurate overall but per person it’s (picks for that person+ bans/ games)
Okay so having to check every person on opposite team would be a pain?

Yeah it would just require restructuring
the logger got half the champs wrong and the kdas wrong, im unsure as to why
ill see if this persist into the 2nd one
Huh what do you mean
just all the stats and champs were not detected correctly
ive manually fixed them in logger
but this is only the first game
also since i dont have draft links for game 2 i cant log it until i find where they got put
Bot#8380 ⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⠀⣠⣾⣿⡇ ⠀ ⠀⠹⣿⡇ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀⢸⣿⣇ ⠀
Oh it does that it's not perfect
It also happens a lot more the lower res the screenshot is
i assumed thats the cause
ive got both games now so i can log them
Arnye keeps his client super tiny so the program has a hard time with his screenshots
makes sense

Might be worth asking players to see if they have friends interested in joining?
bit late to get games in now, isn't it?
Still 8 days
ah
i had the date mixed up
8 days until rosters lock 1 until they open
@Hidiri if you go to roles settings you can click on the role to see who has it
where cause i was looking but i maybe blind
trying to fix something
join call i'll show you

signup link didn't send today

@Stanley

oh computer broke into scrimbot broke
hes back
do I even need to send a link
thats frostbite

No

One of the games from last night isn't showing on the stats page
Mason let me know

@Hidiri do you know which one wasnt
let me check cause both said they were sent for logging
this one
the first game
do you need me to log?
this was the one i did on the tool not manually, seems it didnt send.  i can manually log this if u want
as im not doing anything
i can try on the logger tool if you want
sure see if urs works
if it doesnt ill relog manually
fixed
unsure how to get them in the correct order though
im not sure
thats a dean thing
Just have them wrong I can go back and reorder everything
As long as everything is in
should both be good now
yeah both are in

ok so what needs to be swapped?
its 3 games right
2 and 3 or 1 and 3
or 1 and 2
also i looked up how to do this on stack overflow and everyone basically is just telling me to off myself for even trying to swap rows so

ok yeah im stuck
lets just PLEASE make sure we are logging stuff in the right order (verify each game you log shows up in stats before you log the next one)
@Admins ^
When i have the time ill just wipe the db, move stuff around in a text backup and then just rewrite the whole thing
theres no real way to swap rows around because the whole point of sql tables is that you SHOULDN'T do that
(im sure its doable but its going to be an astonomical pain in the ass)
This is my fault. I did notice the game order was backwards in post games and logged them in that order. But didn't check the website after the tool confirmed it had been logged
I'll be sure to double check games before proceeding with logging as I go
Hey I mean the series that got forgotten was on everyone so
no need to pin it all on yourself
The series yesterday was though
Logger didn't log and I didn't confirm it
But I'll make sure as I go going foward  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/01/07 午後 07:50] teslaplasmabolt Couldn't you just change the IDs or something
no thats like
the whole point of ids
is that they cant be changed
I assume deans doing tonight's rolls because I'm at the grocery store
Yeah but can you still
yeah im playing
OK cool
apparently wtf
i still manually have to change like
Hoohooheehe
120 rows
which is
not worth it imo
It's not 20?
ill fix last nights but ill do what i said for the other series
22
for last night
but the other ones are really far off
Ah
ok yesterday is fixed  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/01/07 午後 07:56] jeandones god that sucked

games logged
<3
We might need to do a point shift all of the subs are high points
yeah looks like 2-3 is needed - it seems impossible for the mid-high point players to find teams and the lower point players are like locked up alr which makes it impossible for half our teams to form
Its p much non negotiable (if we want a season to run) so ill take input on the amt
2  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2024/01/07 午後 11:10] jeandones 2.5 (? if this is possible or as close to it as we can get)  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2024/01/07 午後 11:10] jeandones 3  {Reactions} 👍 (4)  [2024/01/07 午後 11:10] jeandones @Admins
^^^^^
please vote by 5pm tmrw
whats the average points of the eligible players
brief explainer on how the diff options will work (obvious diff is overall team strength) is that the lower end will make teams a bit harder to form, but will give slightly more opportunity for lower skill players to play, and the higher end will make teams easier to form but will make slightly less opportunity for lower skill players (from my observation the majority of them are not looking to play as many games anyway, so im leaning towards this personally but abstaining)
couldn't we also just go down to 5 teams
19 but in the past it had been lower (i forgor). If you make starting rosters out of 19 avg, then it becomes impossible to field subs, even if you can get 6 valid starters. When teams form at uneven rates then it becomes quickly impossible for starting rosters to be created as lower point players are grabbed as subs
no
we could go down to 3!
huh
this is mostly on me for forgetting that the average actually has to be below what the starters average at - knew this last season and just forgot
currently 3 teams are incapable of forming rosters with the available players
yeah so we nuke 1 and redistribute players
instead of nuking 6
that still doesnt work
i spent like 2 hours shuffling players around
we aint making this happen
who needs what
I think if we go down to 5/ move some players it's 100% doable
leaving this here for easier access

I think instead of voting on point increase
we try and come up with 6 valid rosters
then raise points to make them all work
I think thats smarter
why?
like why is that better than a flat point boost that isn't specifically tailored to certain teams
we raise poitns and still can't make teams
is an issue
they way guarantees it
if we raise by 2 doesn't the point cap go up by 10?
Issue with doing that is it could take a much longer time to do that
We’d basically need all 42 players in a call together working it out
Also what Noam said, it would always favor whichever roster had the highest points
Or we’d basically just be making the rosters ourselves without any say from the players
why are we shifting player points instead of shifting the cap?
i know it essentially does the same thing but i feel like public reactions is a cap shift looks better
Points are invisible regardless
Yeah I’ll probably just change the max points but it means the same thing
Agreed
just worried that if we raise by 10
and teams still cant have rosters
what do we do then
raise it again?
If that’s a major concern we should just do 15 then
maybe before we shift anything we poll the captains to see how far off they are points wise?
although they cant actually see it can they
Right
Meant to reply to the second one
Oop
I think 15 is safe, 10 is questionable, 12.5 is *probably* fine
But no way to really know until teams do their thing
Ok it is after 12:30 I’m going bed

Nope!!
mfw i accidentally leak all the point values

If Jonah leaves andromeda for mvp and we do a 5 point bump that might do it I got all the teams working except for rs and mvp, we just need a starter cuz joel cant start and valor needs a jg - cheapest seems to be joey but hes a bit over. If PB could convince mike to play that could replace jonah Downside to this is that rex, ian, and julian basically just wouldnt get to play
Could also just blow up mvp and do 5 teams, but then the list of people that likely wouldnt get to play expands to inclue PB, Joey and Valor as well
and we are stuck with 5 teams
But looking more closely at everything i think 15 point bump is probably overdoing it - 8-10 points would pretty much guarantee that teams could be formed and wouldnt knock existing rosters out of contention (or would allow them to grab some of those players i listed to modify their roster)
I think we could get it working with the same cap, but 6/16 of the players below the average are all on one team which makes it REALLY hard for other rosters to form
so my recommendation after further evaluation is that 10 points is the way to go  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/01/08 午前 10:10] jeandones ideally each team ends up with 2-3 players under the average if we try to keep max in line with the 5 * the average points
Bot#8380 sit down yeah but gale or 5, ivern every draft w rank

@Admins prevailing vote is on 3, we wanna stick with that or swap to 2?  {Reactions} 1_3red (4) 2bluenumbertwo (3)  [2024/01/08 午後 10:48] camdotzip so i read what was above

could you help clarify how the vote relates?

Determines how much the point cap increases
I didn’t want to just straight up pick a number so I offered suggestions
2 per player = 10 total  3 per player = 15 total
Okay I see, thanks

when will roles be distributed

You can do if u want
I need to get my laptop out to set up rosters so I was just gonna do it then
Team chats also need to be made
I was going to do it today but I feel awful

gave roles to everyone who had both captain and player send scrimbot dm
and added channels
Ty noam
So cool
was only 10 minutes of work
crazy

@Dean my POWER WENT OUT AND OS uninstalled
maybe we do an annoucnement
anyone who dmed scrimbot in last 2 hours redo it
Yeah do that
i fixed it but it took a while
Or just say if scrim bot didn’t message you back redo it
if i didn't react with a check then I haven't added roles to the player that sent that message  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/01/10 午前 12:39] nomulus Foojer is telling me he cant' dm scrimbot
99% sure he’s messaging scrim zone not scrim bot
hmm
Or he needs to change his discord settings to be able to dm non friends
P sure you can enable that for specific servers only
But if it says that the issue is on the other end he’s prob messaging the scrim *zone* acct

Make sure we’re clearing roles :(

I kinda like taxis take on this

aside from taxi i have heard of multiple people who dont like blind format
just a heads up
just dont want to inflate the argument in suggestions so im letting yall know here
i think we can aim for a different format for the summer equivalent but the turnaround time of blind pick games is simply unbeatable and its allows for mirrors, one tricks, and forces more casual games which isnt something we really get in any other format
its very nice for one-tricks to have one tournament they can play them
^
if we do draft ppl will just pick to deny
the only thing i would object to here is that if we should be doing the whole tournament in the same format
so if we keep blind then playoffs shoudl be blind too
ill put it in the survey
finals is bo1 right @Dean
all bo1 yes
ok

think maybe we just do fearless bo3s where the first game has no bans and losing team gets bans going forward
bo3s ?!?!?
:pain:
as a separate thing idk
ohhh
for the summer one
im down
yeah
idk how wed do that across multiple teams
yeah needs some thought
but seems cool
would be easy with 8 teams to do a bo3 fearless tournament
but need enough people to do that
yep
agreed

@Dean you should make a money raised counter that displays on screen
there is one
oh i didnt see it my bad

I think we should clean up the Discord
notably, downloading text logs of past team chats and deleting the channels
and past voice channels
etc
for some reason my team could only see the s6 spectres call not the s7 during frostbite, and its also a very cluttered list
I got rid of the VCs
101 thieves is just........ chilling away from all of the other vcs
check what channels you have added
under channels/roles
why do we need to do this if theyre all in hidable folders and hidden from everyone except admins? keeping the ability to have indexed search over then and give ppl perms temp if they wanna go back seems useful and i dont think theres any harm in it?
getting rid of vcs makes sense and it is already done
no show me season 7
idk just feels like a good thing to clear clutter. dont know why we shouldnt just download logs and clear the discord since it's what we use regularly
missed season 2 VCs
Team Sexy and Airwick are still displayed
idk if dean has to delete them ro what
yeah i can't touch those for some reason
weird
i got them
did u get s2?
yeah
yeah idk
sometimes you just gotta restart discord 1200 times

wait which is this for
meeting

ah ok

@Hidiri do you mind logging games?
did we get the other ones
or i do all 5?
No looks like we’re a series back
i thought so
I’m double checking
Don’t log anything yet
ill log before i go to bed but i need to know if its 3 or 5
take ur time
Yep it’s 5 games total
Log whenever
Looks like @Noam did the roles for that series, lets try to stay more on top of game logging
yeah my bad i think i fell asleep right after that one  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/01/16 午後 10:30] jeandones would make sense, the roles stayed on overnight too i think
if youre unable to log or need to sleep i think just send an @ admins in the future  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/01/16 午後 10:31] jeandones cuz i get being unable to log but i think should still be on the person who does roles to find somone to cover

@Dean all should be logged and done  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/01/17 午前 08:39] jeandones Ty
Only have 3 of you
Message is bad enough, the fact that we are joking around about it with him is really not much better and does not help the situation
We have a pretty zero tolerance policy for this kind of talk even if it’s a joke
PB (+ surrounding conversation)

Thanks for helping handle this so quickly. This is how we should be going about this stuff.  Appreciate it  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/01/21 午後 07:47] jeandones Ill log games

logged

i logged game 1

games logged
damn you work quick
i dont use the tool
makes it faster
(for me)

have we updated the penalty doc recently
Was up to date right before the last thing, if you can update it that would be awesome
I was on phone so i forgor

logging

logged

Do people currently not in a season but still recently active not have permission to chat in season discussion?

It’s teams captains casters and admins
I moved scrimbot from my pc (which kept bluescreening) back over to my dedicated server
is this something i need to fix
nope!
figured thats what it was thanks for letting us know
it sent twice bc I still have the version on my pc running  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/01/26 午後 02:42] teslaplasmabolt but I stopped that after I noticed
also I can't delete the message

scrimbo has an echo

Why is the vice president role color the same as the meta buster color
That’s a Jacob question
But uh
Uk

its not
just very close
I have thought Honan is on meta busters 3 times this season
I think it’s worth changing

@Stanley can we fix the duplicate scrim bot thing please
Can someone send the signups ping?
I'm gonna be busy with work until singups
i can yeah

Huh
Where is it duplicating I can't see it

scrimbot dms
signup links
i deleted the extra signups

Oh that's why lol
I didn't notice anything wrong
I'll look into it

Short term emergency Taxi cancelled so will asked if he could sub in Dominic even though he doesnt have his games
I said yes (and gave him the role) hope that's ok
I figure it's fine bc he got cancelled on 15 min before game and he's subbing down a considerable amount

Yep
This will just soft lock Dominic into 101 once he gets his games
But that was the plan anyway

hold off on logging games here, ill need to get them all in in order
as long as they end up in postgames we should be fine

@Stanley still having the logger issue, all the champ pictures are correct on the website and i reinstalled it
what should i do to fix
Is the smoulder PNG in the folder ok
That's probably causing it
If you could send the error
Check hwei too
i deleted botrh
idk
ill try tmrw or something

We're the images fine or did you not see

They looked good I’ll try it again today
I just wanted to get it done with so I swapped back to website

admisn?
was gonna ping for help logging games but i misspelled it and gave up out of embarrassment  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/02/05 午後 02:40] camdotzip LMAO
oh jeez big backlog
i'm in classes rn but can help tonight
just the 7
thx if its not too much effort
ive been on top of it but missed some
I wasn’t sure if we were waiting for videos to go up before we logged
Normally I would but were just gonna be so behind
Hopefully it’s fixed with 14.3

Can we try to keep the post games reacted to when they're logged? I can log the rest that haven't been logged tonight
As in later

all games that were in have been logged

Been trying I’ll do better 🫡
Ilysm  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/02/06 午後 02:26] redloheb_ We should make sure we give out mvp awards for games even for the ones that don’t get cast

But I think having a casting week is a good suggestion
Maybe we could try to do it during the mid season break
I can try to organize it if you want

I’ve been keeping track of the uncasted ones
If a game is updated on the schedule it has mvps
Out of curiosity what were mvps in our series against you
Joey mason me?
Word
That’s how we felt pretty unanimously as a team
If I feel like it’s not obvious I ask ppl who played in the games but a lot of the time it is
I think it’s good in theory but we tried to run similar concepts with frostbite and bilgewater brawl where anyone could hop on and try to cast and had basically 0 turnout from new casters and very poor turnout from existing casters, so if you do try to organize it I think you’ll have to try something different
I’m not sure what mid season break you are referring to, but I think the best timing would be once the spectator bug is fixed, so we can try to get everything caught up with
Like the one week after the first round Robin
But doing it as soon as spectator is fixed is good too
I thought we don't have one because captains wanted double elim for playoffs
Oh
Idk is that true?
We haven’t had one for the last 3 seasons iirc
We had a flexible break week season 5 and none for the last 2 seasons
If there was a set break it would be between reg. Season and playoffs
Got it
Then yeah as soon as spectator bug is fixed I’ll see if I can get some casters

I think it being on specific days might have made it hard for some people
If we stream when people are available we might get better turnout

@Admins can we get the andromeda games logged before genning teams?
Thanks
I can’t cuz mobile
i can if thats fine
im in the middle of writing a code of conduct for my class if no one can do it before im done ill do it
As long as only one person does it we are good
Just verify which are logged so we don’t double
just let me know if someone does it  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/02/06 午後 07:50] hidiri ill check, if they arent logged ill log them and msg here when its done
wait i think noam did it
at least the last series is logged in terms of checks
You mean the games from yesterday?
was that andro series?
They never sent post games
oh what
@Stanley
Bot#8380 yw
should we @ them
I did
I @d both teams in captain chat yesterday
I wasn't playing
I'm not home right now but I'll be there in a couple minutes
ok well if we can get those games ill log them
and noam are u good to run signs or u want me there too?
I can be there but I need to bring in groceries
okay just lmk if u need anything

no one who's playing tonight was in andro series  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/02/06 午後 08:12] nomulus we good!

hey im wrapped up in something rn can anyone else log the andromeda games?
if not ill do it later

btw i still think we should give out mvps for the games that didnt get cast

Weren't they given?
oh were they
idk
just a suggestion
Did anyone end up getting the games?
Looks like we are 5 back
I don’t have a pc that is easy to do it on here so I would appreciate some help

guys i think i fucked up
confirmed not logged
dammit
it's my bad for not noticing but we definitely need to make sure they don't send both games in one message, i think that's where I fucked up
Just log it now I can swap it earlier
okay
I think
Idk
My pc just fucking died
ripp
so log it?
Yeah just get everything in
Bot#8380 i told me a champ
okay
my bad dean
Reordering them wasn’t terrible last time
Like it sucked
A lot
But it was doable
It is what it is
got it in
i'll get the rest of the games in soon doing draft discussion with my team
glad i caught that draft for the TF pick :3
Lol
Thanks I appreciate it

games logged  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/02/14 午後 12:45] jeandones ill log the rs games, if someone can get meta busters-spectres

Sorry I'm really behind on the ball with admin stuff but has anyone checked in with Gruer about the thing in scrimbot dms?
Doesn't have a check mark on it
i haven't addressed it, but didn't they 2-0? seems like just a warning
idk tho

I assumed he meant it was logged incorrectly?
Yeah double checked it’s that
Games are logged as Avery playing them despite it being cam

feels weird, before the game Sarv let me know everything was working fine. Might be work playing around with the roster tool since we had some issues during the MTB SPC series
logging issue
not a roster tool issue

was stanley's tool used or was it manual for these games
idk
i didnt log
Noam did, idk which he uses
I’ll fix it this afternoon

I used manual, logger tool hasn't been working for me as of last time I checked
My bad for not double checking, I just use the roster tool to get things set up before I manual log

We are all caught up on games
Im going to be out tonight, can anyone who is on push signups? Thanks, wanna make sure they run tonight

@Admins what is our availability Wednesday and Thursday night?

@Stanley was the bot down for the past week?

Yeah 😔
I assume if it goes down when ur in jp we are just screwed?
Lets add making a backup plan to the agenda tn
nah
probably just some setting I need to change
I just didn't notice for a week :(

Thanks hidir
I
np

Ok imma speedrun logging games
for tonight or in general
Bot#8380 nope
To catch up
Before we gen teams
ah okay, ill log todays after our meet
Tysm

2 more left to log
wait until they all have checks to gen teams plx
im going as fast as i can
we're still waiting for someone
i can join if needed but i hear my stomach making some unholy noises
Bot#8380 yes
so would pref not to risk it xd
we have 10, stav is here if neither person show up
ok theyre in
@Stanley can you remake the tool so you can 1. select 101 thieves as a team 2. enter a custom team
bc for now its unusable for logging their games

Oof yeah I'll get that done tonight

is it fine if I have it read teams from a text file
so you just add it to the text file for it to show up in the logger
i can
sure
oh i meant like
local text file
oh
sure
yes
thats better
Ok ill do that

@Admins signups done
Give me one sec
Fighting with my pc
\:(

Summer Tournament thread

anythign else while im at it?
if not ill send the new installer shortly
hm
if you can make a button to delete all the champion portraits that might be helpful
Is there a way to make it start the logging process over without having to close the tool?
^^

waht do you mean by this
from the folder?
ill try to get this in too  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/02/22 午前 01:08] jeandones yes
ok

@dean Would it be ok if it like
closed and reopened itself
@Dean
or does it need to stay one uninterrupted window
thats fine

Ok I think its good
ill make the installer
were tonight's games logged?
i can try logging with it to test
ah someone got them
oh well
ill just ship it and hope theres no bugs

@Admins Logger Tool v1.2 Released!!!!!!!! Update and enjoy the new features!!!!!
Wallahi he cooks
Thanks for catching the poppy fix Stanley
👍 👍

Anyone try installing new logger tool version

remind how?
Uninstall old one
Run installer
Where did you get the installer from
That looks like the wrong one

where do i get installer from 😭
nevermind figured it out
OMG THE MUSIC IS DIFFERENT

2 new tracks added

logger looks like it's working with 101 thieves \:D

:D

MY SERVER
reason it went down......
Ethernet cord fell out of router.......  {Reactions} 😭 (4)  [2024/02/23 午後 02:02] teslaplasmabolt I need to get a non broken ended one

lmao

@Olaf (Erik O.) @Cam Hey! We noticed you guys have been pretty busy with other responsibilities recently, and haven't been as active in the server. We wanted to discuss with both of you to try and find the best fit for your roles in the server. We can have a discussion about it here, or you can DM one of the other admins if you'd prefer.

heard, down to talk about it here
been working + tryna build personal projects so i havent done much gaming in general, have only stepped in as a sub (usually on mondays) for spectres so haven't been super active in here in general. down to make a timeline with some goals for asset development / production streamlining for the twitch or youtube, also down to help with website dev since that's what i've been focusing on personally. if anyone has suggestions lmk

I know Dean has been talking about getting the player pages up to encourage more engagement but I think he's driving rn so probably will answer later

so like
at what point does 101 just FF a couple games and we call it a week
i've had multiple people bring up to me that they thought there are no games being held this week
I fear it may be too short notice at this point for weekend games
yeah i mean
availability is theoretically due on tuesday at the latest right
it's about to be saturday
usually monday I thought
either way people probably have assumed no games and could have made plans
24H late period
ahh i see
i already had 1 person tell me they can't do saturday anymore
yeah rather than forcing every team to play with incomplete rosters or delaying things even more
it may just be best to give a few FFs to 101
i think we want to generally avoid giving FFs because it's bad for engagement
but like
not sure what we do atp
only BC they've essentially stopped a week from happening
It would feel unfair for 101 to fight a team thats weaker than usual just bc they delayed the match so long that people couldn't play
Can someone summarize the issue in one or two sentences? What has 101 done?
avail due mon/tue
not in yet
matches can't be made without it
I see
they've played 3 matches in 5 weeks
we're wondering if we even should do regular match scheduling atp for this week
Is this the first time this has happened?
kinda
With 101
they haven't had very much availability before but
this week is esp bad with communication from them
they've told us at the start of the week or at least by thursday a couple times that it's not gonna work
but will said he'd have avial for them in by today and has been radio silence
Has anyone reached out to Will today to ask him?
Cam
Please check captain chat
Okay i see
sorry in game don't have time to type out long responses
you're good brother
answered my question perf 👍
I think Noam is right in saying handing FFs is bad for engagement, but considering they're late by 3 - 4 days for availability and have been reminded several times, maybe we should consider it if avail still isn't in by tonight
I do think FFs is bad for engagement but potentially a team losing and feeling bad bc they have to play last minute with no notice/missing players is worse for mood overall  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/02/23 午後 07:47] nomulus i think the rules have a provision for this
Yeah i mean
rules say it's an FF
which would feel awful
but
I don't think the alternatives is better
the rules are teh rules
I mean it feels bad but
you can't do this as a captain
there should be some punishiment
We could also leave it to the captains of the other teams
Sarv, for example, I think might still want to play against them
we probably still could
yeah thats not bad
but also going against the rules isn't ideal
I think we can just ask
Then maybe we should alter the rule
(but I understand having one is important)
issue is though
this affects other teams matches
bc they couldn't be scheduled
the FF was supposed to happen tuesday night
so matches could be formed
that didn't
By this do you mean the who fights who
like
EX
MVP vs M31
results could change now bc players are busy
aren't all the matches this week 101T
or am i wrontg
ahh
Uh
I'm not sure I understand still. How is M31 affected from these games?
we've already played spc in first RR
this 2nd rr
players might not have the avail they said they did
bc they assumed no games and made plans
In this scenario though there is no overlap from MVP or M31 amongst any of the 101 games. So how would availability change? Wouldnt the MVP v M31 game have to be scheduled regardless of the 101T games?
because people see the matches they play on monday
yes
no cam is right here
we dropped the ball
huh
im saying
MVP and M31 have 0 overlapping games
with the other teams
is what I think Cam is saying
why does overlapping matter
so that match should have been scheduled regardless of the rest
like
im not saying it shouldnt have been scheduled
mtb might need a specific day against 101T that rules out a spc matchup
You said availability for M31 or MVP might be different based on these 101T games right?
no
I meant
bc we didnt have availability
we couldnt schedule games
and now players may have assumed 0 games, made plans
changing the teams availability/ rosters
Okay, I believe I understand. Now, why was the MVP v. M31 series not scheduled regardless of having 101T availability?
You wouldn't need complete availability for all teams for that series
In case 101 needed specific days
series can overlap
^
dean was busy and the rest of us didn't think about it
i mean theres a scenario  101-spc mon mb-spc tues  works but  mb-spc mon 101-spc tues  doesnt
that is the explanation
wdym
oh
yes
but
if 101 can't paly tues
what does that have to do with m31-mvp
but mb spc decided on tues bc 101 isnt in yet
101 can't play
i was just using 2 team names as an example
Okay, for the series where there are overlaps this makes sense
Noam and I latched onto the M31 v MVP series because it's what you had mentioned
And I think we both saw the series still remained unscheduled
So there's an issue, but I think we all see it now as a fault of scheduling and not on the teams or 101T
For any series where this is overlap, it could cause some problems and Stanley's right
because M31-MVP was the only series either one has scheduled this week, it doesn't matter what avail 101T has
theoretically
though we have moved matches throughout the weeks to make things work better
but yeah
well no I think 101 is at fault
not 100% but
for MVP v M31 no
for every other series yes
yeah
okay cool we're all on the same page
either way im not sure if it fair to hold matches with this short notice
It would not be fair to expect them to happen, or to tell teams they need to get them in
I don't think anyone would be against being asked if they can make games work
My Suggestion: For 101 matches: - Team can choose to play or make 101 FF  For matches w/out 101: - Teams can choose to play (both teams must agree) or postpone?  {Reactions} 👍 (5)  [2024/02/23 午後 08:03] nomulus seems valid to me
Should the discussion all happen in captain chat or dm's
I think we wait for majority agreement here and then happens in captain
yeah
@Admins can we get eyes on this to address asap?
sounds reasonable
4 votes is majority
right?
yes
Weve 8 admins total
so its 50%
7
theres 7
Jacob is on administrative leave
sorry 7
my brain counted scrimbot up there
forgot ab jacob's suspension 😭
OH THATS WHAT
okay brains working now
sorry for that lapses  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/02/23 午後 08:14] nomulus > Because of the delay in availability response by 101T, the admins have decided to offer options to the remaining teams. We recognize that scheduling has been very late this week and players might have made plans preventing them from having the same availability they originally provided. > The rules state that a team that hasn't provided availability within 24 hours of the form being posted are to be held responsible for any series that haven't run, with a mandated forfeit for their scheduled series that week. Since 101T has 3 series this week and we would like to avoid having forced FFs in general, each team that was slated to play a series this week against 101T will have the choice to play their scheduled series or accept a forfeit from 101T. If some of these series are not able to run, they will be an automatic FF instead. >  > Other series, due to the delay in scheduling, will be allowed to proceed pending agreement from both teams, or will be postponed to a later week. >  > Note that if we accumulate too many delays, we'll have to switch the playoffs from a double elimination bracket to a single elimination bracket.  {Reactions} 👍 (4)  [2024/02/23 午後 08:14] nomulus Thoughts?
Very nice
will wait for majority thumbs and any edits before i send
I also think maybe in the event will gives avail and there's not enought for all their games 101 should have to FF
agreed
fixed
1) Should they only have to FF any series that cannot happen
(for stan's point about avail)
2) Should teams be allowed to hold their respective 101T series in future weeks (make them up) or should they be expected to happen over the next few days?
Any series that can't happen is a 101 FF and any match that can happen is a choice from the other team  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/02/23 午後 08:23] nomulus we're way behind as it is
unforunately i think if series can't happen it's just an FF
IMO no because 101 historically has 0 avail and we can't delay forever
They're too behind to delay I think
Okay, if that sentiment is shared by the majority I can get behind it
what we need to do is see if there are any peoiple who can sub for them
because without taxi their availability is near zero
A lot of this stuff is on will though I think
Ideally we shouldn't be fixing this team
If we have to we have to though
Maybe an admin discussion with Will about why this happened/what to do moving forward is due
Bot#8380 she't believe you think you guys okay but no it
Agreed
We need one more approval?
Might be too long to wait for post season interviews
Bot#8380 yes
Nah this deserves something now I think
Bot#8380 ok cool ideas for the record show off your secondary
Or else it just gets worse in 2RR
Ok we got 4 who is doing the honors
👃 👈
I'll send
Now we wait for will response and then schedule games?
Suppose do
So

Yeah we can touch base soon I just haven't been on my computer in 3 weeks
My vertigo reaggravated really bad recently
I've been life AFK

So obv I missed this but how it’s supposed to work is they’d ff the game that was originally supposed to be played this week, the other 2 series are already postponed series that will count as an FF if they aren’t scheduled by the end of the season, there’s no situation in which playoffs are affected.
So those will just continue to be pushed back
My bad for not committing to the possible games will made it seem to me like his avail would be in beginning of today, and no teams were available until Saturday at the earliest so I didn’t think it would be an issue
Do you want me to pass this on to the captains?
I will check which game is the ff and pass it on
Or
sounds good
Maybe is better if you send it so it doesn’t seem like we’re arguing lmao
yah
The series vs us would be the ff and we didn’t have avail either
So none of them are forced ffs
what do you want me to tell the other captains then
because our first week was supposed to be against them right
If you basically just convey that 101T will be responsible for providing availability to get those 3 series scheduled by the end of the season or they are 101T ffs (except the RS one)
But they aren’t automatic ffs
okay
And if we can get the other 2 scheduled games in that would be sick, again my bad
"Alright small update (mostly for @Will). Because the only series that was actually scheduled for *this* week for 101T was against RS (who weren't available either) none of the series are automatic FFs. However, the 3 series that are missing for 101T are their responsibility for getting in before the end of the season, otherwise they will be automatic FFs."
good?
Perfect
I do still think we need to discuss with Will what we can do to make sure that his team has better availability (Rex sub or something maybe?)
Yep agreed
Does coolduck have enough games to be signed?
not just your responsibility btw, this is something we should all be trying to push for
lemme check
he has 8
Ok yeah if those 2 can pair up that would be awesome
Cool, thanks
giving roles, leaving website part to dean or whoever has access

I’ll get it tmrw

Feel better soon! We can catch up when youre up to it
Let me know when is a good time to touch base on this, sounds like a good plan as long as we're making forward progress on it. I think we need to focus more on getting people interested in helping stream as a priority so would love to hear any ideas on that.

The tldr of the meeting we had on wednesday was that unless something comes up and we aren't able to be around, each of the admins should be actively checking for games needing to be logged, pushing signups, and staying up to date on all the channels to be on top of any moderation stuff that needs to be done, if that doesn't line up with what you're looking to do but still wanna help out we can figure smth out

I can help with these absolutely, also i have a project currently in the works but once i'm done with it we can brainstorm some stream stuff
i tihnk i found a design style i'm happy with too

logging mtb vs spc
someone else can log the second

i can if they havent been need new logger

i ALWAYS UPDATE THE PIONNED LINK TO THE NEWEST LOGGER
CAPSLOCK IS ON
oh my
im doing this mostly manual cause i guess it doesnt like the images aryne and pb sent
idk the players actual input names
is it just the same on web
also who is serjboo
julian
ty
Yung Krug for game 1 is blake
yeah i knew that one cause im trying to beat his rank as a meme
thx cam for that
but tool got literally everything wrong so im fixing it
also them being out of order bot makes me annoyed
oh wait
game 1 mvp was out of order and game 2 andro is
that's my bad
no i noticed earlier
and did it accordingly
but still
wait wdym out of order
supp and adc
ohh they are
you're right
i just assumed dadd played mf lmao
last game it was senna and i was like, varus support evan?
but no
games logged

That's strange
I'll look into it

@Noam can you refresh me on something
nvm
yeah what's up

Valor reached out to me yesterday and let me know he was going to step down from being a captain next season because he’s getting too old, I assume Will is probably on the chopping block as well.   Our top options from last season’s survey were Honan Jacob and Garrett. Since Garrett isn’t playing much this season I think we at least offer a slot to Honan, and if it looks like we will have 6 teams, one to Jacob as well. Open to hearing other opinions on this as well. If caesarius is going back to captaining spc, sarvaris could be a good options as well.
If will gets back on top of things obv he will keep his spot but not looking good for that currently and want to plan ahead
I think those 2 are good candidates

Damn

@Admins can someone paste my message in captain chat into announcements but formatted the way I would usually go game pings? In a rush, if no one else gets it I can do it tonight when I get home

Can do it when I get home (30 mins)
Tysm

Sent
My computer KABOOM not working :(

Que pasta

Ram died I think  {Reactions} 😭  [2024/02/29 午前 12:33] teslaplasmabolt I bought more ram I am back

should've downloaded some

yeah
i also had to give a blood sacrifice to my pc (cut my arm on sharp pc cooler)
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?

Make sure we get the previous series and then get this one logged asap
Thanks!
Bot#8380 once you want to coletta

they are
tilting me
and i can't handle it as i'm in the series against them
can someone please talk to them after the game or series

I can't write a message to Will that doesn't sound passive aggressive (not my intention) but I seriously thing we need someone to message him about this because it's ridiculous
I can log games
games logged

@Dean what do
does the rules doc say anything
Bot#8380 alllow playins for top ! !
lemme double check
i don't think so
no precedence for this right?
nope
i remember MVP last season was overpointed but i noticed before game started
@Admins
I'd like other opinions
all 3 of us are on these teams
id just say replay the series if i didnt have to go at 9 when the series was originally supposed to start at 6
first off
i feel like theres more than 1 thing going on here
@Noam can you forma valid roster or no
we have 1
can run other rosters
From our side
our players have no time
we already started late with short notice
yes i understand
we can just forfeit this series then
no
Honeslty I think thats fair
dont ff series for sure
flip the game to your loss maybe
this is fine?
swap game 1 result
but we don't know that it would have been a loss
yeah but you ran an illegal roster into us
yeah
yeah but ff series is like
do you have something more fair
was not on purpose
idk
normally id vouch for just ignore g1
its heavy yeah, but this is the first time anyone has ran an illegal roster into another team without checking with them
but since the match was also delayed
like
I know it's not on purpose but idk if we can set the precident
people may just lie and say it was on accident in the future
idk
idk
yeah whatever
just move to game 2
we have a loss
idk man
idk either
i dont know what the best option is tbh
Dadd has been
I think we proceed with game 2, MB lost game 1
Really aggressive about this
btw
ik
i see it
I understand it's frustrating
after the series, we reconvene and discuss
Just start with a 1 game adv to M31 and this game doesn't get logged
^
i feel bad that this is happening to yall now
im trying to think of what makes the most sense in general going forwards
automatic game loss will incentivize teams to make sure they have a legal roster, and account for the delays caused
then we just play as if your team lost g1 and you get side
if anyone has any better ideas id love to know

I think that makes sense
Should be similar penalty to not having a people show up
And that’s how that works

So do we just log games "2" and "3"?
id say yes
okay
sorry again
I'll log

Thoughts re: scrim bot message is just mark the first game as an FF and just stream the other 2?
I think it obviously doesn’t make sense to stream a game that doesn’t count but no reason not to log the other 2
Regarding the toucini one:  I think the ff was definitely the right move, I think if we have an objective point and roster rule there should be an objective response. If a team can’t run a legal roster the series shouldn’t be played.   Regarding how dad was handling the situation I agree with him but toucini wasn’t being much better from what I saw. It seemed like captains did an “okay” job of handling it but definitely need to have a better way of just cutting off conversations like that until they’re resolved
@Admins let’s try to get all thoughts on these asap, thanks!
Do want to hear from admins involved in the series but if a vote is needed for anything probably should be excluded from that  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2024/03/03 午後 10:44] teslaplasmabolt I sent my piece
This happened but roster was updated and game was played correctly
correct
I wasn't bringing it up as precedent just saying that I thought that's the closest we've ever had  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/03/04 午前 02:23] camdotzip hey just a thought but uh, if the 'asking who is playing what champion' rule was implemented because of runes, and runes were changed so that isn't really a problem, why's it still a rule?

i've heard only negative opinions of it since implementation so bringing it up
wdym
if i recall iya complained because she needed to know if to take armor or MR runes
and mr + armor runes no longer exist
so it feels like a rule to solve a problem which no longer exists
and one which i've heard people aren't a fan of generally
i think it's valid to say it's less important
but not zero importance
yeah it's information. wondering if the information it provides removes more than it gives, though
removing from the drafting team to give to the opposing team in a way that is not a positive sum

It was suggested as a way to match information given in the old format, with some reasons why it should be maintained as entire rune pages (not just armor mr) and summoner spells depending on matchup. We were somewhat split on it originally but took some additional complaints occurring as a factor when making the change.

Games are logged up to date!  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/03/06 午後 05:25] teslaplasmabolt Is the new logger version working?

yuh

Yippee!!!!!

what game
did i fork up again
rs vs andromeda
game 1?
ban 5 was missing, supposed to be ornn
how far back was that
few weeks

so that stuff can just be said and it just gets deleted and forgotten about
?
nah i was just abt to message here
oh ok
thats a pretty clear 1 week or warning if he doesnt have anything alr
hes benched for a week regardless idc
gotcha
its in the doc
ill send the message
ty for ur prompt response
I only didnt screenshot it cuz orig message got edited
idk what it said before
what happened?
thomas flamed gruer in general after the game
ah
lovely
yep! told him not to like 5 times

our playoff are just double elim without bracket reset, right?

Correct
Bo5 with free win to top bracket team
For finals
is top bracket team locked yet?
top bracket is whoever wins top bracket of playoffs
if you mean first seed at the start i think its mvp
It’s not locked
For first seed  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/03/12 午後 07:03] jeandones But yeah what Jonah said
I meant to say upper bracket but autocorrect
actually
1st seed isnt locked
mvp could technically drop games and rs or andro could be 1st seed
i think
Correct
idk the exact matchups that need to be played
top 4 is locked though i think
It’s not
can spectres still make it over mtb
Spcs can still get in over meta busters I think
oh interesting
And can over mvp in a really weird scenario
spc only has 1 match left
so the best they can do is 5-5
Yeah
but yeah if mvp loses all theyre games they could go 5-5 i guess
I think it’s still possible? Def possible to get in over meta busters
i think andro and rs are playoffs locked
cause they win spc head to heads
Correct
we shall see

im going to bed, can someone catch us up on game logging?
once blake sends the post
for sunday
@Admins

Can someone do the logs I'm gonna remove roles than perish into bed pls ty
I'm locked back into tech support, probably can't tonight
@Stanley :O?
I can really do it if no one else can

what games need to be logged and in what order
just go by draft lionks?
have u done it yet

No sorry I fell asleep at my desk and decided to go into bed
sincere apologies
In my defense I've been up for 36 hours
sorry for the inconvenience

ur the goat for requesting this change king  {Reactions} 😌  [2024/03/13 午前 04:18] jeandones games logged
Bot#8380 gross

very true
Thanks for logging them Dean
I've been swamped with work 😞

Can someone take me off signups today before I forget? I can’t access my PC rn and I’m going to a friends house to sleep
Would be very kind
Maybe I can do it from mobile
i mean i can remove u from signs in draft but idk how to take you off visibly/perm
I’ll get it

There’s a link in this chat from like late June that has a link to manually edit signups for future reference
I just can’t navigate it on mobile
Is it pinned
Here
Is this not it?
No thats if a game needs to be corrected it forces the website to update
Ahhh my bad spreading misinformation
Teehee
All good
If you’re familiar with MySQL I will link u into the way to do it but if not there’s enough of us that are that it’s fine

i might be able to

i am not in the lobby

Send to scrimbot
I assume that’s referring to riot
yup
What did we give pb
1 week?
Julian
I honestly can't remember, I think it was a week yeah
Checked and yeah week of game/chat

sending warning to julian now  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/03/25 午前 11:57] jeandones updating penalty doc
also @Admins can someone catch us up on games pls?
can look in 5
working on debugging rn
been getting a lot of work done with vods and recording, would like some backup
thanks noam!
I need to wake up a little bit then I'll do some  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/03/25 午前 11:58] jeandones as long as you two coordinate and dont double log anything should be good! thanks
One of us can do the first 3 and the other the last 3
Idrc which does which just lmk
you can do the first 3 because this debugging always takes forever
also i need to download logger tool to my laptop
Works for me

@Dean  @Noam one of the games from our series is missing
are we missing the game where you guys were blue?
i believe so
i guess drago never sent it?
i thought dean was top that series
oh then
it's on dean!
i dont think my match history goes far enough back for me to get it myself
also missing a draft link?
mine might lemme check
ah wait nvm
draft links are there
ya
i just need the result of game 3
Oh I’ve mentally committed to sending it twice and just never did
Oops
your good
i can send mine if you keep in mind that we were on red side and i was supp @Hidiri
yes i can do that
ill make sure to log game 3 before doing 101t game 1
never mind dean beat me to it 😔
you won bro
its ok
wdym
you sent it first!
oh i did?
yeah
by like 20 seconds
idk man

4 games logged
noam can focus on his task
ill log the rest
all games logged
my goat
sorry king this exam is kicking my ass
no worries, im not doing anything and u have assignments

andro-spc series logged
tysm  {Reactions} teemothumbs  [2024/03/25 午後 09:28] teslaplasmabolt what are standigs :)

working on it
he wants to hang with his dad!
too bad
scrimzone more imfportnat
is andromeda beating us in series head to head because of the game we "lost" because of illegal roster?
@Stanley @Dean
follow up question who has access to foldy sheet
everyone?
wait where
am i dumb
i mean obviously here
but like where was it before?
dean posted it in season disc
oh i missed it
oops
i think so but not sure
damn.
i guess that is what "we start with a loss" means but idk I think for future seasons if it happens again it should just count as the team that plays an illegal roster starts with 1 loss which doesn't factor into game differential
or head to head
do forfeits normally apply to game differential
cause it should be the same as whatever the forfeit rules are imo
forfeits typically don't affect differentials i think
idk either way
but it should be the same imo
I mean the issue is game 1 affects the next games in the series (mental, strategy, etc.) so it should count I think
idk id argue that forfeits have the potential to do the same
i mean an in-game ff does count
in-game ffs also aren't allowed in team format anymore
i thought jonah meant general ff
but it did historically
thats what i was thinking
this
a series ff is different because it doesnt really carry over to anything
sorta no contest
it affects your record though
not your games won or differential
have we had a single game ff before though?
but MVP and MTB got 1 series win because of 101T ff
series ff should count as 2-0
probably
so game ffs should count towards differential
imo
obviously it's too late, we already announced everything and i explicitly said to count it as a loss for us
Yea and I don’t see why it should work another way, an FF is an FF
but i'm saying for future
I think if a team is being penalized for something the penalty should affect their game diff
i mean if a series ff counts as a 2-0 i dont see why a game ff wouldnt count towards game differential
^^
as long as were being uniform about it
I think a forfeited game counts as a game
why would an ff count as 2-0
it did
does
so MVP and MTB both got 2 wins in their differential from 101T ff?
Yes
yes
respectfully your honor
that's dumb
idc if it benefits us
But andromeda vs mtb tiebreaker is determined by head to head between the two teams
yeah i know
You not getting 2-0 would harm your team
it's a moot point anyway
It would be strategic to forfeit to cost the other team differential
if it doesnt then its unfair to you guys because you would lose the opportunity to have the 1 or 2 extra game differential from that series
yeah that
Bot#8380 true id coverage
^^^^
right this is the argument
forgor that part
Lol
idk
All good
i understand that aspect of it
I think the lesson learned here is check your rosters before you run them
still think giving someone a 2-0 for the other team not being available takes away from competitive aspect
Happens
I think
both captains
should check both rosters
but that's just me
i mean you could argue its 1-2
I think not playing the game is less competitive lmao
but then if you think youre going to get 2-0 you can ff to save game differential
i think it works best to make the ff 2-0 otherwise theres weird strategy around ff certain series against certain teams
^
yeah i always forget we have to account for people using these kinds of things because they'd rather have good record than earn wins
cringe
it truns into a weird integrity thing yeah
but even if people dont try to scam you to win differential and its an accident it would feel really bad to lose game differntial just because a team couldnt play against you so they ff and you dont get the chance to have those games affect differential
theres also the thing of like if we had won game 2 in that series we wouldnt have logged it as a 1-0 win for us
Bot#8380 10 players  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/03/25 午後 09:58] redloheb_ it would still be a 2-0
or if it went to 3 it wouldnt have been a 1-1
if situations were reversed and it was us who won sorta 1-0
then i would have wanted it to count as a 1-0
but if everyone else disagrees then i will cede to majority
the only thing is you could then lose game differential to another team because only 1 game of that series counted
don't care
we didn't win 2 games in this scenario
fair enough
again, i understand what you're saying
i get what youre saying i just think this way is better for format integrity
just personally don't agree even if i understand the need for it from an integrity pov
we dont need to talk about it any more guys
you are talking in circles
yeah
were good 👍
my bad
my bad i'm a bit salty
will drop it

we doing an april fools?
I think we’re launching scrims crypto
If I remember correctly
I would do something more elaborate if I didn’t have a playoff series on the 1st lol

okay when was scrims crypto discussed
because when i brought that up a few months ago
u and stan both shot me down and said that'd be going too far

also i can get stuff done for it but i'd liek to know if aynthing is done yet

I’m ngl I vaguely remembered having an idea and that’s what popped into my head, I probably thought of something else and just forgot
Looking back at that convo I think probably just shot it down b/c of the context of the convo LMAO
Fuck now I want to remember what I came up with lol
But if you’re still down for the crypto idea and want to make a fake announcement for it I’m super down
OH I REMEMBER

I think now that crypto scams have died down a little it is a lot funnier

This is true

can we get the rs mvp games entered and then hold off on the ones that just got played
want to verify awards numbers
i will get them
just no one log todays for a sec
i can get second one
just tell me when you log first
i wonder if the logger tool works in linux
done
okay getting bans then i'm done
logged
Bot#8380 short 5
lfg
:(
what happened
did i log wrong
oops i fix
fixed
i swear i double checked every champ

we'e got to make sure the april fool's stuff in the game doesnt affect tomorrow's series right
Has it ever changed custom games?

i dont know but we should make sure
it hasnt
if its in customs we can gentlemen rules I think

all i know is a train showed up in one of my games today
and while it would be very funny I dont think we need it in playoffs

does tournament draft/blind pick affect this do we know

hopped into a custom and nothing seemed different after a couple mins
but nothing definitive

ok then we're probably safe
Warning sounds good
his warning is used already, but It seemed less serious than the stuff earlier?
Was there context?
Like an image or something?
he sent an image but i think it was just a game update type thing
sorry it like gut checked me i should have screenshotted
I think warning
Hmmm idk
Warning probably fine
warning fine
my bad gang should have given better context
ill just copy past what was sent to julian
i mean like i dont think the context makes a big difference here no?
yeah but just good practice
Here are the candidates - I'm leaning towards Arynye personally
same
im gonna vote for arnye or honan
maybe im biased
good choices all of them but arnye has been doing solid as of late
i mean its 4 andromeda players lmao
i think youre accused of being biased regardless
idk if id say gruer is improved cause he has always been good
whats the number?
(i dont htink you are)
point improvement from last season
ok
ah i see
id say arnye then honan
is the award based on point improvement or who we think has actually gotten better regardless of points
ok I'm gonna go with arnye unless we think thats wrong - I was pretty sure that was the right take
just curious
2nd one, just get nominees based on the point improvement
ok
if it was purely points i would go with arnye but I think hes the right choice regardless - definitely struggled a bit on m31 last season and is a carry for yall now
How did Cylako go up in points 💀
yeah i think cylako and gruer were always good idk if id say improved
cylako played on 0-10 meta busters
hope this helps
thats why
i feel like foojer is still too new to tell yeah?
^
yeah
kinda make sense why i got it last time since i was on that too
although i played little in comparison
you also popped tf off last season lol
id be going up more points if i wasnt time sharing with apari lol
cylako did in signups but not here
rest of your team would be going up less if that happened lol
but yeah aryne probably best candidate with honan in second
Foojer rookie of the split
is toucini not a rookie?
no
hes not
xd
unlucky
i would also throw julian into that pool though
ohh yeah
I don't think he played in team format last season though
Right?
who
good w arnye
whats the math on that though actually?
ok im locking that in then
if we ran 1 jungler instead of 2
Toucini
those 4 are going up more because theyre the constant - I explained the whole thing prev but the tldr is that they can win with either you are apari, but theres no proof that you can win without them
ok yeah i didnt think he did
oh i see
the mathy explanation would be rly long
except that time we won without gruer 🙃
you prob went up more than apari did cuz of that and thats prob why gruer went up less
makes sense though
and that game made a bigger point diff bc your team was rated lower (maybe?)
hard to know yall r goated
who knows
^ exactly thats the poitn
lol
no one can complain if no one understands
Simply untrue
twas a /j
They'll complain no matter what
Yuh ik
real
why all the homies gotta be whiners
(this is a joke i mean no insult to anyone)

Also good with Arnye

so is jacob still on suspension or did i miss something
he's still
it was a few months
he's back like april 17th i think
4/19

damn alr

getting us caught up on games while waiting for game 2
Ok all games logged

Will wants to pass 101 Thieves on to Drago bc theyre friends, and no one else on his team wants the captain role. Do we have thoughts on this? Seems fine to me, been 2 years since drago has given us any trouble and I like the idea of captains passing on their team/branding.
Open to other opinions tho
You know him better than I do, do you think he would reliably perform captain duties?
Hes been super active recently and im p sure hes graduating over the summer, so I have no reason to doubt it
I just wasn't sure of our stance on captains passing it on to someone not on their team
i dont see a problem with captain inheritance
I think that's fine, I'm just more thinking about the proverbial captain queue
i think we currently are going to have some minor player count issues to worry about soon
right thats what I mean, like does letting drago cut the line bc of Will asking him make sense in this case
captain queue may take a backseat
Yeah i think we should be planning on 5 teams
i mean
pray for 6 but have a plan if we have to drop
Unless we get a lot more people over the summer
we essentially had 5 teams this time around anyway
do we know of people who are already planning on leaving
or just 101T diff
are we a large enough server to use the community panel of discord
500 people needed
we at 171
damn
we're close!
mix of both i think
true!
aight new plan
339 bots
lets all pitch in
lol
some people are looking to play less, considering leaving, and dont know anyone planning on joining
we hit the community page and that should help alot
this is a joke
ik lmao
its a good one
but itd be nice if we could use the comunity page. ive heard its actually really good for server growth
sadge
I'll get captain feedback surveys out soon, Jonah are you gonna be good to go over those with jacob again? He should be back by the time we get results
guys if we all make 3 new discord accounts per day at 7 admins it would only take just over 2 weeks before we hit 500!
no way!
yeah should be fine
okay but in all seriousness
is there anything we should think about re player count etc
i mean
i think we should definitely be brainstorming things we can do to draw people in
we should discuss summer format plans, doing something interesting for that could definitely draw new people
i know we were gonna discuss at some point so we can try to get that convo started soon
i think we need to try to come up with some other ways to try and attract people besides just events
cause if the events are only seen by a diminishing player base it doesnt draw anything
i mean you may bring some people back for a bit
but it also doesnt guarantee the people who come for events will play in team format
Ok if im being completely honest my drive to do anything to help this server is completely burned out by the amount of stuff I'm currently shouldering for the server and for other stuff in life. If we are gonna do something else it needs to not come from me unless its something we were planning on doing anyway
youre good
im not trying to say its on you
yeah
im just voicing concern
Im just saying im out of ideas lmao
yeah
might be worth advertising on reddit?
lol
oh god
but would probably work tbh
not really sure what sub is correct for that and don't know if we necessarily want reddit randos
Like in my mind im fine just dropping to 5 if it makes the load a bit easier and the 5 teams being more active
but would probably help?
that's fair too
I can check my reddit post history and see where ive posted stuff already
theres spam rules on all of them but i could resend what i sent before with updated info
there are a decent number of people though who would love to form active teams
but are there enough for 6 full teams?
right but if we have 8 people looking to captain and enough players for 5 teams it doesnt quite work
right
if you define full as having enough subs to run smoothly, no
if you define full as 5 people, ~~yes~~ maybe
my point is that bringing in more poeple could still generate active teams
do we actually only have 30 active players?
roughly
it depends on if you count the 101t players
or people like teddy who will play sometimes
but not consistently
m31 has 7 rs has (i think 7 or 8)
by my count we have 38
i was about to keep counting lol
defining active as 20+ games this season
Bot#8380 i appreciate the errors before 3 canons at the sub 3 animal
what do the numbers look like at 10 games
but i think a few people in the 38 are going to not be active next season
that adds about 8 more but 5 of them are people who are explicitly not playing anymore
I think realistically we are in the 35-40 player range
which is in the 4-5 team range per the rules
37 is the cutoff to get to 5
42 would be 2 subs a team yeah?
6 teams^
yeah
yeah 42 is the cutoff for 6 teams
but wed need it to not be a situation like we had this season where we had 3 players who were subs that only would be subs for a specific team and didnt actually want to play
right
I have a few people that want to join in the long term but they definitely arent good enough at league yet to enjoy playing customs
and its only like 3 people lol
i started talking to the head of my schools league team. if i start talking to them more i may be able to bring in a couple
ideally we find a way to increase playerbase that isnt word of mouth and praying for twitch rng
easier said than done i think
oh for sure
thats why i said ideally
like what options do we have that are A) realistic and B) don't pile more work on the admins (Dean)
that would be the tricky part
rip last season where we averaged like our highest viewership
Idk i mean
i think
spectator working
is a huge factor
true
real
Networking with other league communities is a good way to do it
true
that is a good idea
i think jonah has a good angle there
I dont have enough connections at rit still but maybe @Olaf (Erik O.) does?

this
honestly I think it's best to plan for 5 teams next season
we tried and barely got to 6 this season
and we had to do a lot of last minute changes in order to make it happen
My opinion is we plan for 5
and if we get a TON of people, we can add another team
but I don't realistically see it happening right now
this is fine I guess? I mean i'm not the biggest fan of giving a team to someone with multiple marks on their record, but it doesn't matter too much
it has been a while though which does help

I have limited connections but if there is a task that you want me to try to accomplish i can give a definitive whether I could try or not
I think bringing like
THE RIT team in would be
super unlikely
but I think we could like
Bot#8380 :missing :) i's not looked like i've been playing that was a serial hater when he pleases but maybe the night is terrible every game tho
certainly convince RIT Willie to let me advertise in the server
if he's still president
I was his section lead for band after all LMAO
Yeah I would say more league of rit, less so the esports team
I think our target audience is moreso silver/gold/plat players anyway

woah messages
@Dean do you have a scrimzone reddit acc yet
i only have a twitter acc for it

I don’t, sz Reddit seems evil

nefarious deeds are done in the sz reddit

Is it potentially worth a shot and then if we don’t like the people we’re getting we can delete the account/post
Just an idea

I mean I just don’t think we need a scrim zone account to post on Reddit lol
Ok fair enough

Can someone get the mtb v m31 series? I got the last 3 the other day

i can do

I dont think it hurts
I think I've posted once on my own so I would rather make a scrimzone acc if I'm gonna donit

can log
logged

@Admins can someone ping signups me and Noam are on mobile
on it

ill log!

@Admins This might just be a right now thought but what is the general opinion of this idea:  Pause season scrims indefinitely and just do mini tourneys and signups until spectator is fixed. The amount of extra work thats needed to get vods done is a LOT and it really kills hype for the season.   I personally hate scrims right now and I think this would be a way to fix it for me. If anyone really wants to help out with the work they can feel free but I think anyone who has stepped in to help record stuff is feeling similar to me. I think if we focus on just getting fun games in we could possibly help grow our playerbase that way.  Again, don't take this too seriously as I am typing this message as I am currently dreading rerecording playoff series, but there could be some merit to it.
i dont think its a bad idea especially since were about to go into our season break anyway
instead of making it a message to everyone now id just save it and we can reconsider closer to when we would start the next season/when spectator starts working again
I think that would be rough because theres a lot of prep that goes into team building and stuff so we'd probably want to decide sooner rather than later
i guess so
I just want to get thoughts, if its not an unreasonable idea we can have a meeting to fully discuss

I think announcing that we're taking a pause on full team format until spectator is fixed is fine, maybe even including how much of a toll it takes on you to record vods
Idk if we include the part where you hate scrims right now because that might be like a signal for everyone to jump ship or whatever
Well duh LMAO
I was only expressing that here
okay wasn't sure
but yeah i think that's super fair

Yeah I think that's fine

My worry is what if it kinda just keeps going as it is
Works for a month, breaks, works again
I don't think it's sustainable to play team format like this though
Oh you mean if it's on-and-off
Maybe we can consider format changes to make it more sustainable
Yeah
If riot doesn't put out a statement saying "sorry! we will be putting 100% into maintaining spectator from now on"
How will we know when starting a season that it won't break 2 weeks in
I think a better plan may be to find a way to run season format without spectator that is as easy to run
I do think a delay is fine but I think if we just postpone until riot fixes everything, what do we do if they never fix it
We should have a backup so we can run on sub 100% spectator uptime without causing additional work
Also with riots current trend I do think spectator might be broken for a considerable portion of all future seasons,  and I'd rather find a way around it than just kill team format.
format changes or stream changes are worth considering for sure
I don't think it's reasonable to just retroactively record things for a whole season though (this season as an exception because we didn't know)
I'm also extremely willing to program software options to lessen the load of recording vods
Do the games just need to be recorded, or do they all need casting/camera direction
Bc honestly we could just auto-record all games no one wants to cast, idk how you all feel about that though

its awful
Yeah we just can't continue like this, it's not sustainable and it's too much work for Dean

what about this
i dont know what you mean by autorecord
do you mean awful quality wise or work wise
like
I make script
someone send scrimbot replay file
it opens file, records game
it would be significantly more complicated than that
work wise
i mean and quality cuz no cast
the effort/gain ratio is abysmal
not how I do it
If you don’t get it recorded with the draft accounted for and with stream assets on it you’d have to go back and edit them back in which is basically the same amount of work there is now
stream assets is just adding a png to every frame
draft would be more tricky
are you doing every vod ina video editor?
If you want to do it go ahead but I do think there’s more important stuff to get scrim bot to handle first
true! remind me
I use obs unless they need to be edited after the fact
i forgor 💀
Then I use whatever video editor to add stuff in
I need to sleep ill ping here tmrw
egad i don't blame you
ill add the scrimbot stuff and then see what I can do about auto record
The http requests should be in the admin forum channel here actually
Just want to get register and remove working for signups
Once base functionality is good we can expand on it

OK
7000 mile ssh incoming

you're my king
I think dean has a good point. maybe we post a delay to regular season because the lack of spectator / stream / vods is palpable
We can also take the time to deal with our downswing in players
if I can get an OK, i'll try to look for outreach on reddit (probably the best place to do so unless people have other ideas) or twitter or something. i'd just want to make actual scrimbot accounts
That’s ok with me
just bc we will begin to hurt from the decline in activity / new players

Sounds good to me
Can we bring back round robin signups
Those were fun
is that the 4 team signups?
Yeah every team plays each other once
I'd play if it's on a Friday or Saturday night edt
If we’re planning on doing that in advance lmk
I much prefer the bo3s :(

I'm the opposite but we have only had a sample size of 1
At least rr vs bracket I prefer rr
It feels lower stakes and everyone gets more equal playtime
The original plan for 20 people was just run 2 simultaneous setups with closer skill margins (which I think would be a lot better for getting people interested)
It’s set up so no matter how many people we get we can generate tiered teams broken up by approximate skill
Would help ease ppl in if they can play with people of their own skill level@
Cringe! Everyone play together :D
Bracket format is just for the days brackets run it’s separate
Cuz it takes more time
Jk I get what you're saying
Also the reason scrims exists is to play bo3s cuz you can’t in league
So tossing that out is kinda weird to me
When we did the survey most people said their fav part of scrims was bo3s
I'm not saying tossing out bo3? I'm just saying maybe we could try rr scrim once or twice again
I’m fine just voting but I don’t think we should default to it is all I’m saying
And if we’re doing rr I’m not playing lmao
I’ll cast or something (oh wait)
That was not meant as a joke I just forgot
Is that the Lebron you are my sunshine image
It’s not loading it’s blurred
No
Oh am I like in heaven
Am I dead
Disintegrating emoji

Oh now I see it

:noegirl:

if lpl does adopt fearless do we switch to that
what league do we mimic
i think we adopt fearless if everyone wants it
we do not have the champion pool on most of our players to do it though imo
would definitely exclude a lot of people from playing
we are not professionals!
also the reason they swap to it in pro leagues is because of stale meta affecting viewership which is not a problem we have

I see
can't have viewership when spectator doesn't work 🙃

I HAVE RETURNED

🥳

@Noam I think a lot of it is just tilt, let me know tmrw if you still wanna flag it
From my perspective doesnt seem that bad but id understand if you feel differently
I still maintain my prior message on my opinions of the server but will admit that was a damn fun series to cast

i'll look at it again tomorrow morning I think im just mad
I had a fun series Noam. Despite what dad said I hope y’all had a fun series too  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/04/21 午後 11:42] nomulus always fun playing against you
Crowdfund dean vacation when
after relaxing and thinking a little I think I realized that what bothered me about it is that he's the only player in the whole series who said anything remotely bm, on top of saying he was playing xerath game 3 when asked after we've already brought that up as a pain point with him
that's all i have to say on it, i don't think it's an issue just want a paper trail for it in case it's recurring  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/04/21 午後 11:49] .jaspr i've noticed a few people have been lying/ making jokes about the playing champs that they're not recently
happened in the last signup iirc
if it stays a problem we can say something about it
I agree its annoying
Im going to my dads for a week If yall could handle everything until sunday night that would be awesome! Includes someone logging tonights games pls ty. I think I just need a full mental reset, I'm really happy with what this server provides to people but I don't think I can be an effective part of it when I have a negative mentality  {Reactions} ❤️ (6)  [2024/04/21 午後 11:58] jeandones @Admins ^
we'll man the ship for you king
Ok
hence why a captain has his crew  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2024/04/21 午後 11:59] camdotzip Can do boss

Also after next week I'm ready to fully renew my capacity as an admin, as after this week is finals and so I'm essentially done after this week
but I think I'm still gonna be afk like I have been for the next while
Got 16 labs and 10 homeworks to do in 7 days plus 3 projects
light work
Godspeed
I clutch these on god
(although it looks like maybe a message was already sent since he was being nice afterwards)
Probably not for me to address either but my take is that it was maybe a little petty but I don’t think what he said was really an issue by itself. I think it’s the fact that it’s coupled with a tough series
That makes it seem bad

Hey @Noam in hindsight I can totally see how that message from dad can be really frustrating after the series and seem toxic. Especially if you thought he was tilted and trying to upset you. I’m not sure if it helps but I’d just like to clarify that dad wasn’t trying to be toxic the whole last game he was really excited that he finally got to play one of his signature picks after he had been receiving a lot of bans in playoffs. I think after the game he was just really excited so he said what he said. Im not sure if that helps but I did want to just clarify a bit for you and your players. But I’m sorry if feeling were hurt or it was taken poorly

Could you send to Joey too? And we can leave it at that
Appreciate the understanding
Yeah I’ll send it to Joey

Talking to 4 people right now about being next Meta Busters captain:  3 current Meta Busters: - Stav - Logan (Corn) - Joey  1 former Meta Buster: - Jacob (our very own)  Going to be trying to narrow it down to 1-2 over the next few days but figured I should keep you guys updated and get input (I think all of them are solid candidates who have shown commitment to team format and either have captain experience or have shown to me that they would be good captains)
like as a player? or a captain
most wins in signup
top 4
so anyone can play in it right
no signup minimum?
that announcement was for captain
ok ty
I think there was a minimum last time but can't remember
hm
5 games!
tytyty

who logging grand finals
im not sure gamelogger runs on linux but I can try
but if someone else wants to before I get it working they can
pls don't make me do it

inquiry aimed at everyone else mainly
I greatly thank whoever created WINE

Grand Finals logged!
What else do we need to handle to finish out Season 7
An announcement encouraging signups prior to deadline for post season
Probably also an announcement about who's leading and the couple people close to them (same announcement)
mm i see
anyone who wants to do that feel free (if no one does I will)
Right now im going to add signup back to scrimbot

ok I added it in the code but its not working for some reason
not a big deal though, we fix whatever the problem is when dean gets back

@Jacob we need to start captain surveys  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/04/23 午後 02:01] jeandones ^ I’ll get these sent out I remembered in the car yesterday lol

Also can someone let captains know extensions are only available until Sunday
Got it

Does anyone still have access to the page where you can check team combinations?

Captains dropping like flies
At least we only need to do captain feedback for two people!
Bot#8380 doesnt
Lmao true
wait are other people done too?
Oh Jacob is out of the loop LMAO
oh oop just saw the dm from sarv
will and valor quit 2 months ago
oh my
Isn’t spectres changing too?
do they have replacements already?
Drago is lined up for will
oh wow
huh
I thought spectres was changing between 2 people on that team
Maybe I’m crazy
It is yeah
So it’s dean and stan
We have  Dean -> Dean Stanley -> Stanley  Will -> Drago Sarvaris -> Bean Noam -> Stav Valor -> ? (Prob best to stick to 5 teams)
jesus
Depends on how our off-season looks
Yeah I meant more so no pressure to replace him immediately
Yeah you weren’t here when we discussed delays to next season depending on spectator tool and dropping player base
I did scroll up to see that when dean mentioned not having fun
Has riot talked about it like at all?
Ehhhh
I don’t think so
Absolutely not
awesome
so is the plan to just feel spectator out for a bit during off season and then making a decision about next season later?
Yeah I plan to test spectate a game or two every patch or so and see what’s up
Maybe cast some signups for fun
that would be cool
i'll def join in on that when my schedule cools off
Yeah it definitely doesn’t need to be me who spectates it as long as someone does
These classes have been brutalizing me this semester
It’ll be like chill for a week and then explode in my face
Bot#8380 how much damage
A lot

Felt
Wasn't the plan for SPC that Caesarius would step back in for Sarv after he settled in to work and stuff? Or am I making that up
I’m not sure
I think at one point it was
But I think caesarius is still busy
He didn’t play a ton this season
Turned in 40% completed hw last night for partial credit  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/04/24 午後 02:19] nomulus Should there be an announcement for Bean being captain?

Yeah
I would say yes  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/04/24 午後 02:19] jeandones And if someone can check w drago
Same to him
Oops impulse response
I go back to afk
My class ends at 3:15 if no one else has done it by then I can do it

I have a class in a bit but can ask them both if they have anything they want to say on the announcement
We got majority yeah I’d double check w aryan too tho
It’s been a bit since we talked abt it
Aight

yall want me to message bean?
@Noam or did you do it already
I got one from Sarv
Bean confirmed with a scrimbot dm
ok
want to make the announcement or you can send me what sarv said and ill do it
i'm double checking with him
ok
swag
sorry didn't mean to monopolize it
lmao
u good
less work for me 🙂
Do we have a comfortable recurring player count for 5 teams
based on our last count yes  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/04/24 午後 06:09] camdotzip Also did we decide on postponing season with spectator bug?
also yes for now  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/04/24 午後 06:09] nomulus waiting on a patch or 2 to see if spectator is fixed
^
if it isn't then it'll be officialyl delayed, if not we'll announce next season start  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/04/24 午後 06:09] camdotzip Okay cool, been busy so tryna stay in the loop. I think postponing is a good idea
spect bug kinda cripples the streaming appeal
and vods can be a bitch
lets see if we can promote some signups to stream so we can check in on spectator status
not like all back to back
but a few in the next few weeks
im thinking start announcements for it on the 28th when the season is offcially over

Wait do you mind clarifying why you think it’s best to stick to 5?
Just curious as to your opinion before I formulate my own
Player count down
Mmmmm okay
I guess it is that simple
And we struggled this season to get enough
@Olaf (Erik O.)
I would be worried about odd numbers of teams just like
summarized there i think
Scheduling wise
I agree it's probably better to wait until we get more consistently high numbers to go back to 6
Bot#8380 it would be
See
paid actor
Well we are waiting regardless right we said we are taking a chill pill for a little while on season format anyway
It depends on if spectator is stable or not
Hmm I thought we discussed doing it for burnout related reasons but maybe I made that shit up in my head cuz I’m burnt out from school LMAO
Spectator issues are causing burnout
You were halfway there
Happens
My demons are only half imaginary
Stanley what does Honan's message mean? 💀
Bro I don’t even know
Extension lol
MY IMAGE
It didn't send with so I added it: )

As the biggest hater of odd number teams I did consider this when I suggested 5
But it felt very forced to do 6 this season

The point cap increase, is that remaining for next season?
We will have to reevaluate based on the new player pool
Gotcha

should probably make that clear to captains
i can do it, thoughts?

Ok

@Admins We should be correctly set up for season 8! Let me know if anything is obviously wrong

(in terms of the website)
Working on the server rn
Idk if the website isn't working on mobile but teams aren't showing up on roster page  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/04/29 午後 01:07] jeandones Thanks i will check it out
Season 8 page is intentionally blank but there is some stuff on it still i guess
check now?
I had hardcoded number of teams :(  {Reactions} 😔  [2024/04/29 午後 01:26] nomulus Yuh it works

@Stanley scrim bot is down, don’t know for how long?
Corn, Foojer, and Joey extended while scrim bot was down
so going to add them

Huh wuh
up to 4 days ago possibly
Hm it does appear that way
Let me see
ok your website sent scrimbot something evil and broke it
should be up though
so true
thanks!
will post season tourney be on a sat/sun
most likely yes
when you get a chance dean could you look into why the &signup and &unsignup commands dont work

send me the code

its the one in admin updates
oh wrong url
should be signups.php not gamegrabber LMAO
ahh ok
let me fix
oh alsoo
@Dean
also should the requests command be json or data
those were both correct
as is
only thing wrong was the url
ok gool
@Dean Ok ready for testing
Still not working :(
ok can u send me ur code
so i can test it

its the code in admin-updates with the links fixed and variables replaced
(it's a massive pain getting the code from the server to my pc to my laptop)
the code is "working" for me
the website just doesnt update
ok

also whats the point cap for post season bracker/ is teamgen available
should probably get that out soon, let me know if I can help with that

I have sent it to everyone i am friends with, trying to get a group chat together to get someset up
I think we can just leave it the same as it was last season
gotcha
who are you missing?
Arnye and Honan (Hidiri gave up his spot)
I'm going to DM them
I have Honan added for sure I can pull him in
lemme check about arnye

don't have arnye
I asked them both, Ill just wait until I have everyone
okie dokie
if stanley is friends with them he can add them
just a thought
yeah I'll do that
I believe im friends with both
let me in!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I got it alr they added me back when I asked
joever
i cant be nosy :(

Possible that the tournament is not good incentive if 2/4 of our top players dont even want the reward ...
Or it means that it creates more intrinsic motivation to play which is a good thing
i think leagues just in a slump rn for a lot of people
I think it still helps
or it could mean we just had more people playing a lot for fun rather than trying to win the captainship
this is what i meant by the second message
Dean could you make an announcement that I'm captaining? Feels weird for me to do it
or any of the other admins
His return!!!!
can't escape 😔

Voting on Bean's name here:  {Reactions} 👍 (4) 👎 (2)  [2024/04/30 午後 02:57] hidiri wait whats the name

i didnt see it in logs
#scrimbot-dms
Bot#8380 zac* omg lol
oh
i was about to do that dean
its a meme about loathsome dung eater
ive seen worse
like hoof enjoyer

When captain interview

I gotta send out the survey still
I can do that this afternoon

No rush was just curoious

Sent out, will update here when we get responses
Only having myself and Stanley send to our players, seems like a lot of work to keep track of 4 captains who arent coming back

Updates ## 👀  What's that tag?  Hey Admins and Mods! Starting May 15, it's possible you might notice something new next to some of your members' usernames: ✨ **Guild Tags **✨  See a cute little tag next to a member's username or profile? That's a **Guild Tag**, which indicates someone's membership to a chosen Guild. You can click on this tag to see the Guild profile, and even apply for membership there as well. What this means for you, beloved Admins and Mods, is that if your server's AutoMod is on, it will also check for Guild Tags ☑️   **What's a Guild?** It's a small, exclusive server that members can apply to join. These servers are tight-knit communities where members can relish in shared identities, hobbies, play styles, and more!  > Please note that Guilds are only available to a small number of servers at this time, so not every server has access to this experiment. Additionally, our support team cannot manually add servers to this experiment.  Much love, The Discord Team
thank you discord very cool

Need captain response from either will or sarv, and player responses from either honan/dad and joel
once we get those in we can schedule captain meetings

it is honan.

joel said hed fill it out tn

If Honan filled it out we have everyone

He just did
I think

If I could have some help pushing signups would be appreciated! Noam has been helping a bit but as we talked about in the last meeting doing that is part of our responsibility as admins so would be nice to have some support!

I missed that meeting 💀
I'll start doing that

Erik can you resend the post game in the proper format
Not gonna call u out in post games cuz it’s a bad look for us but we really gotta set the example on that if we want other ppl to do it
@Olaf (Erik O.)
yeah gimme a min
If you could get the games logged when it’s sent would be super helpful too

Are games logged???
Looks like 1 is 1 isn’t can we make sure we are reacting so we can keep track more easily!
@Admins
Bot#8380 i cant believe
Ty to whoever got game 1
I got the check mark on it for us
I thought Noam said he did both after our arena game that’s why I didn’t check mb mb
I can do it in like 30 minutes or so I’m finishing up my lunch

alright game is logged

I did game 1, Hidiri started to do game 2 but q popped and I went to sleep, that's on us
Sorry I was semi delirious last night

i was also zoned out thats mb

@Stanley
is scrimbot down? someone messaged me saying they didn't get a thanks for your message for it and i didn't see a message
oh looks like it is
ok its back up
though it running on my laptop for now on a potentially older version
think I need to get my sister to reboot my pc
can't remote into it
my cheeks hurt from laughing at that

Alright we need to take action on this
All those in favor of swapping Noam as admin for Toucini?
LMAO

Should have an announcement for tournament tonight, time and what's gonna happen with casts etc

^
Can u do it
I’m preoccupied
Dm me if there’s any info u don’t know
i was gonna say i can do it rq
its just games start at 7 tonight ands matches will be streamed during the week
right?
Yep

Can we set up teams with the team channels?
Can do
Laundry -> yellow  Ping -> pink
Rat green
Doodoo purple
jsut VCs right
Oh I meant to say roles
ohh
Just give roles and we good
yeah I can do that
Sorry
all good
Tysm
Teams created and everyone should be added

For the future I think first day should be a round robin of 3 Bo1
If we do that there’s an extremely high chance of tiebreakers being required
And for seeding 1-4 that’s really frustrating to have it come down to game time
fair enough
I think we could just remove the 3rd and 4th rounds of the bracket and just shift them tomorrow
Instead of doing a 2v3 and a 1v2 and then doing it again
yeah i think that's fine
That seems like it would fix the issues people have, I was trying to get more games in for people so it felt like a bigger event but
If people are not reading then
so if we play these games tonight
i thought the other 2 are played tomorrow
No
cause this has all the seating done already
But that’s what I’m proposing
Right it does work but that wasn’t the current format
I think we change to that in the future but it does mean fewer games which sucks
its just 1 less game
2 fewer right?
and its a game where its just 2nd and 3rd playing against each other twice
how is it 2 fewer?
does the winner of this play another game?
Yes
They do
whhhaaaattt
this feels excessive
but i guess then yeah it would be 2 less
this format feels really redundant imo
anyway sorry i was just ocnfused
No I agree I think we should change it to that but purely b/c it’s caused so many issues with confusion
Idk
It’s supposed to be a full bracket format with a little extra gauntlet the next day but
If it’s gonna be a disaster every time not worth it
Same thing happened last time, I assumed we would have remembered the format but
:fizzshrug:
Is what it is
i think the statement of 7-10 makes it more confusing
That’s a typo
Shit
7-11pm
Was intended
Same as bracket format
and if its worded like this there would be less confusion
im not like entirely opposed but i think relying on people remembering is what casues issues
imo anyway
Yeah you’re probably right
also the typo was tragic
Doesn’t matter how well written the format is, if people don’t understand it that means it’s NOT well written
^
true
people suck at reading
they need visuals
imo
thats also helpful
but even just like this wording makes it alot more clear imo
Yeah
We can take a vote on rewording vs changing format
And I’ll add a video explanation or graphic regardless
Let’s do on Monday tho
sure
So are we cutting off the last game for today?
And tomorrow is just fearless Bo3 between us and winner of this game?
I guess if that’s what you want to do ?
I’ll need to redo the stream schedule
Whatever captains can agree on
I mean it shouldn't be what I want to do that explicitly benefits my team
You plural
If other captains agree then it's fine
gotcha
If a team wants to forfeit a game duo to time that might make more sense
Just so format completes
But I’m fine with that too
yeah whatever works
Y’all just get in call and figure it out after this game
sorry didn't mean for that to sound passive aggressive lol
It didn’t at all
Dw

Are we just going with the format as written?
Send updates here pls @Noam
ok
After being the team that has to take a break and wait for everyone else to finish their games I can confidently say this format is very frustrating
I mean that’s always been a complaint for bracket format but we did a couple polls on it and majority didn’t want to change it
Is what it is

Have heard from Stanley and bean that they’ve been hearing from a lot of people that they aren’t enjoying league anymore, but Kathy has also mentioned bringing more people in
hmmmm
interesting
Not super concerned right now but we definitely need to keep trying to get signups running and keep an eye out on player counts
kinda feels like a wait and see yeah
Yup just wanted to keep y’all posted

i didnt realize you made new roles LMAO
i just meant to give the existing signup roles
xd

i am also in this camp

Oops

@Stanley where is the text file to edit team names for the logger???
nvm

Honestly I think it's just the friend groups that formed this server are getting old
And with limited time want to play better games lol
That's probably not a small part of it yeah
I logged the other bilgewater games :isforme:
dean might have the regular screenshot for postgame if not you'll probably have to manually log
Vanguard moment Sry gang

Bean wants to transfer captainship to Kathy, so if someone could make an announcement and swap roles would be awesome!
Boarding a plane shortly gonna be afk for a while
I can do it when I get home if it's not done yet
Ty

I got it gimme a second
Am I all clear to give her the Spectres role as well then?
Alright it's all set

Kathy would like to rebrand and is talking to her prospective teammates about names, figured I'd give a heads up

o7

@Stanley did you accidentally take scrimbot down when you deleted things?

Ya
games from tonight logged*
(Lythi is shown as 3-0 when she lost the first game shown in the image)

I can take a look
When I get back probably
If someone wants to check the db for playergames
And see if she’s set right for those??
sure
We didn’t change the game result after the fact right?
Like you didn’t have to go back and edit it(
don't think so
Ok that’s the only obvious thing it could be
what's weird is it shows as a loss on the games page
but a win on the stats page
and vice versa for other team
yeah it's listed correctly on database
That feels like an edit
i edited to win and back to loss
For games or playergames?
no change on website
games
Playergames is what you need to check
checking now
Games doesn’t really do anything
It’s display only
ah yeah that's it
looks good now
thanks deanster

Did you fix it for all 10 players??
Or just her
all 10 ofc
Ok
im not a psycho lmao
If u filtered by lythi would be easy to miss
nah i just went to the end then back a page

Re: honans message I’m not terribly opposed to it but wanted other opinions
idc if it's a genuine reaction from someone in general chat
would be against it if it was a targeted ad campaign started by apari
Ok
Bot#8380 1.6% of realm of mordekaiser're giving her get more frustrating than other mages in solo queue and his ultimate is

Let him cream

I just told him what Noam said
I think that’s the general sentiment
Among us

Definitely agree with you guys
He pretty much just said he’d read the book and reevaluate lmao
👍

Someone might need to flip Peter to active in the db
@Jacob
@Admins
bet
He won’t show up until he is
What are his points at?
In the db
@Jacob
where do i check points?
baseRating?
Yea
25
Oh ok they don’t have to be changed then
Sick
Would round back to 25 anyway
Xd
ngl for the first couple seconds i thought he got botted

What's the planned starting date for next season
I believe we currently have 0 eligible starters
We probably should really start trying to get signups running if possible
I'm going to encourage my team to signup as much as possible

Going to try to figure this out soonish
I’ve had a lot going on

yeye no worries

Bad news team I have been running a fever for 2 days
Slight delay on everything

feel better king

@Stanley any reason why scrim bot has so many dates in what its saying lately?
A little bit of this and a little bit of that (I dont have the usual ScrimBot text file right now so I slapped Wikipedia and patch notes together)
lmao
thats so funny

Going to doctor tmrw it’s been rough out here

Get well soon!!!!!

jonah are you logging
working on it  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/07/09 午後 11:21] redloheb_ the box didnt check when i picked a winner

:noegirl:
so the game has no winner
wait thats not true
oh i didnt pick what teams were playing
but its logged correctly it just doesnt say pink green
I can fix
Which game?
g1
Ok
ty
fixed
games logged

ok
start date should be aug 7
so try to lock in teams around july 31
If we are all good with this I can confirm with captains but if we are doing fewer teams we can start later which might be better
Should I make an announcement
no
Ok
i wanna discuss first
How many fewer teams are we looking at?
do we think we are gonna have 4 or 5 teams - seems pretty obv to me that 6 aint happening
Ok
if we have 4 teams we have 2 fewer weeks in our season so we can just start 2 weeks later
I’m not opposed
upside of defaulting to 4 is its a lot easier to schedule and it will probably run more smoothly in terms of finding players downside of going to 4 instead of 5 is that some players wont be able to play and its less hype
Who are captains rn
but i really have no clue
Me, Stanley, Stav, Kathy, Aryan (Drago)
Do we have 5 or 4 is the better question
5
Ok
but i also havent heard anything from drago since he was made a captain so
:fizzshrug:
I think we kind of just need to say something and see what we’re looking at in terms of signups
I think a lot of people have been putting it off cause we don’t have a deadline yet
makes sense
Bot#8380 of room to $1 (september 4 touch of legends releases ultra rapid fire (5/68] many of legends turns out of legends world championship was nearsighted. retrieved september 12 (206
We should probably say to the captains something along the lines of we’re hoping for 5 teams but there’s a chance we can only make 4 is anyone willing to not captain a team
@Admins I think proposal is probably:  Ping players and say if we have enough for 5 teams by Jul 31st we will start season Aug 7th, if we don't we will delay and start season with 4 teams on Aug 21st.  Vote Yes/No  {Reactions} 👍 (7) 👎  [2024/07/16 午前 11:09] redloheb_ I would add that captains need to start encouraging any players they want on their team to sign up. Because the sooner we see our player base the sooner we know how many teams we have  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/07/16 午前 11:10] jeandones We've had 38 different people play so far this season, which is honestly more than I thought, fwiw
Yeah that’s not bad
only 16 with enough games to be eligible, but its still early.
If just a couple more play that’s 5 teams I’d say
I mean obviously they have to meet requirements but
Just gonna leave this here for our reference
Theoretically as of right now we’re in 5 team range
Not bad
If everyone plays full games (won't happen) but obv some people haven't played any yet so yeah
But that’s also assuming everyone whose played a signup wants to be on a team
Like I know arnye, gruer, and dadd are all switching to subbing
Or at least want to

I am going to get my team playing asap
I may not be able to get my signups in before season start though (I've tried to sign up like 4 times and we only hit 8-9 people each time 😭 )
But i'll figure out what to do
I’ve been trying to sign up when I can

wanted to get out a message that summarizes signups and team format
To our new players, we have 2 main formats.  Signups: casual best of 3 when 10+ people sign up to play at 8 PM eastern. Teams are assigned to ensure balance (before you get some games logged in the server, you are assigned an MMR value based on rank - we call this points). This value is adjusted after every series to ensure balance.  Team: teams are formed ahead of time and play together for the duration of a season (~3 months).  To ensure that no one team is significantly stronger, there is a point cap for each team. That means that to play in the team format, you need a minimum of 6 signup games to be eligible (because signups are a best of 3, they contribute 2-3 games to this requirement). Players with between 6 and 10 games incur a small point penalty for their team based on how many games they are missing.  If you are curious about the intricacies of point allotments feel free to message Scrim Bot or an admin and we will make sure you get a more in depth summary.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------- drafted this but worried it might be too wordy
could be cut down a little bit and added to the welcome page or something, wanted your guys' thoughts before i sent it

i feel like it talks more about the point system than the actual formats lol
I would focus more on the gameplay aspect and how to signup and just say that theyre balanced based on inhouse mmr
and not really elaborate on that
hmm that's fair
i do think it's important to explain why we require the 6-10 games but yeah could definitely water it down
i'll redraft it after this game
I like

I'd probably add something about how to actually sign up  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/07/16 午後 03:34] jeandones 100% I meant to

@Noam updated

Am I sending it/where

Welcome and just like ping people who haven’t played in general I think ??

I can't message in welcome :3
@Stanley I think scrimbot is down, not giving messages back

Ok I’ll send in welcome
Can u handle the Gen message?
Ill query the list of new players

Ping people who haven't played this season or ever?
ever
ill hit the sql table xd
Yeah if you make me a list I can make
Ben Carter Curtis Dano Danny David Mino Rhys Tyler Masez FrostedBurn Yeta Solari LlamaLover Richard Michael H. Beast Milana Namek Austin SIushy Buck Ethan Llama Scrim Bot Noah Luciano Tony John Dia VolcaronaVirus Ari Beg Fishy Vic Olivur
Holy
I'll get on it in a sec
i would maybe
only ping the people after scrim bot
🫡
you could also start at llamalover
if youre feeling frisky
I updated welcome
I also couldnt send a message in it

weird
its the fuckin resource channels thing
idk why they changed it
a lot of the names don't have a corresponding person in the server - although for some reason when i tried to @ Olivur it only worked with their discord user which is olxvur
So I'm gonna go through the whole list and check the member category to see who is in here under different names
Oh it actually just doesn't let me search based on their ID in the server for some people

Looks good!

Will fix later today  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/07/16 午後 10:28] teslaplasmabolt Have 3 quadrillion finals todya
are you done with finals?
Dying of lack of sleep
No
gnight king
and gl
It is 11 am final is now
rip lmao
gl

Ok scrimbot should be stable  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/07/17 午後 10:09] jeandones @Noam u get to log since you won!

When is the point cap being determined
trying to figure out my remaining player(s) is kinda tough without knowing how much margin I have

Hard to determine without knowing our player count
i suppose
So assuming we have 5 teams, we will have 7 days to finish our teams?
once we know
dean question
does seem like a tight squeeze

Yeah I was thinking about that last night
normally id just say we keep the same thing but there appears to be an influx of newer and lower mmr players so
want to make sure the teams are fair tm
Ill make sure its > 7 days
I'm just gonna keep an eye out on our list of eligible players, and send a message out to captains soon
Sorry work has been a complete mess recently so my brain is kinda sputtering out on fumes lol

no worries

heads up looks like teams aren't generating probably due to role pool issue
i m going sleepy now I stay  up too late (I will be awake for scrim)
Got it, thanks for the heads up
We have 3 people willing to play jg/adc and 7 who need to play one of top/mid/supp

Rex no-show
Kathy late
though we did have 10 before kathy showed up (we wanted 11 so honan could cast)

I think we’ve given up on enforcing that tbh
As long as signups run
gotcha
i'll log
Bot#8380 log plus he's senior designer of the goal of the issue. "video game of legends won best free-seat world championships. "league of legends, 2020. bbc news. archived from the full review". the most other projects while making a uniquely utility to unlock for free-to-year contract to voidgrubs. "riot signs 3, view the game revolving around baron got a stand-retired system". dot esports observer. remember those who like summoner's primary or opponents' first
@Dean logger is broken bc website aurora's image is bad
xd
thats so funny

gave roles to people who messaged, didn't mark captain messages in case dean has behind the scenes stuff to do with that
I have many.

logged
ty \<3

Ok should have a fix in for it downloading blank images for champs

Huge
Anyone with the logger all you have to do is click the red "delete cache" button or whatever it says when you start the logger tool  {Reactions} 👍 (3)  [2024/07/20 午前 11:56] teslaplasmabolt Should work after that

How long are we giving Drago to answer? I think we've had an answer from the other 4 captains right
Try both discord accounts

This is true
Unsure not much longer tho
Ok yeah his only account in scrims is the one he doesn’t use

Games Logged

I dm'ed him, will update 🫡

seems like he has some people in mind but they need games
I told him to reach out to some other players

how are we looking # of teams wise rn

hard to know with 10 days left
25 eligible and 36 total with games which puts us in 4 teams - but if Drago's players all get games we're in 5-6 territory so Idk
I know I have 2 players that are interested in my team with no games

I guess it's if Drago can get his players to sign up
I talked to him
He’s working on it
If we do go with 4 how do we chose the team that gets put in the freezer
If we drop to 4 I’ll probably take the season off just a heads up. I can help cast and podcast but I’ll probably take a break from playing  {Reactions} goodbye  [2024/07/22 午前 03:08] nomulus Did we ever specify whether playing team format games counts towards required games?

Can u reword this
Like
I would assume probably dragos since it would likely happen if he didn’t get his players  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/07/22 午後 01:41] jeandones But I think we’d have to discuss between captains
Bilgewater games? Or team format
If Stanley gets 7 games on signups, and then plays a Bo3 that goes to 3 in team format, does that count as starter status?
I think we already said bilgewater counts  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/07/22 午後 01:42] jeandones It doesn’t
We did yeah
It’s specifically signups that count
Also starters doesn’t exist I don’t know why it showed back up on the website
Let me fix that
Fixed

im log? @Dean
want to make sure you aren't doing it alreay
I’m on mobile
I just wanted to see who won lol
All u
Logged
Made a little mistake though, for the first game the Akali ban is a Viktor ban
if someone could fix
I don't have password saved on laptop

ill get it

Have you heard from Drago @Dean

Like since the other updates I gave from him?
I didn’t think we needed anything else back from him

Oh
I literally read that too
And promptly forgot about it

By my count we have 30 that have played some games AND are interested, and I have heard there are 5 more than that who are allegedly going to get games and play, and up to 8 of the people I just pinged.
Which puts us at 30-43
Which is not different than we had in mind anyway, but wanted to confirm.

31 + 4? + (5 yes, 4 no, 2 maybe, left: dad) - gonna use this message to track 36- 44

Arnye is not playing this season
is he okay? just taking a break?
Yeah he's just focusing on life stuff
fair nuff

I’m ngl gang I’ve heard more new people complain about fearless than hear anything positive
I think it’s cool but definitely easy for people to get pressured into it and not have a good time
that's fair
Something to keep in mind
👍
Think it’s something cool as a special format but i think it should be announced ahead of time so people know what they’re getting into
Same logic as the round robin when we have 4 teams but more extreme imo
Bot#8380 q. archived from its years old league of the game from the website. archived from the verge.[158] although the game starts.net.  {Reactions} 👎  [2024/07/23 午後 08:06] jeandones (Issue with the round robin is it’s guaranteed to take more time and you don’t get to play a bo3)

whos logigng
doing rn
logged

Its looking like we are pretty solidly at 5 teams from my perspective
I'm fine calling it early if yall are?  {Reactions} 👍 (4) 👎  [2024/07/24 午後 05:57] jeandones To be clear if 2 signups run its 2 signups not a rr

or a bracket or w/e
prob best to do tiered teams for better calibration + closer matches (more likely to go to 3 for placements)

Sorry if that’s a pain but idw make people be on past 11 on a weekday unless we have to uk

how do we do tiered teams @Dean

click the button that says it

ill log games tn

actually @Noam can u grab game 6 LOL  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/07/24 午後 10:48] jeandones i gtg
also reminder to give ppl spec role instead of team role for spectating tytytyty
did someone give a team role?

oh wait that's my bad accidentally gave olivur green and purple

Oh LOL

Point averages are back where they have been for the last couple seasons (excluding season 7) so I just reverted back to what we'd been doing

sounds good  to me!

games logged

ill be gone for the next 5 days just a heads up
i'll be gone for the next 16

Well not having access to a PC for the next 16, I will be occasionally reachable

@Noam there’s some issues with games
Kaisa mid is not real
games from when?
Last night
Anivia jungle is not real either
oh the drago
man i for sure double checked those wtf
U drinkin last night??
Lmao
im being set up!
updated

logging
@Noam can u clear roles
yeah

There’s 10, I can’t ping cuz mobile but figured I’d send smth ehre

Are all teams on track to get required games played for all their players

Unsure

It looks like 2/5 teams are set already, meta busters is overpointed but mostly fine, we will be ok but missing a sub currently, will need to check with aryan

as long as all the players hes looking for get signups in he should have 6 players

Right, that’s the issue
We have 5 days left and I don’t think all 6 of them have games yet
well im one of them
Right
Jake and Dominic
Have 0
Edited for clarity
hmmmmmmm
We have enough players, if they don’t get games in he’s signing other people.
A roster is definitely possible
I just want to hear from him
got it
in his defence on this one he did tell everyone to get games in
Right I’m less upset about that I just don’t like that my info about his team is stuff I heard 2 weeks ago and from secondhand sources
valid
As I said, there are enough people, he will have a team.
I’m not worried about it
It’s just if he’s not getting the team he wanted I want to hear from him that he’s talking to other people
He also told me he’s signing Joey, who is already on another team
yeah he tried to then joey said he was on another team
im just trying to give any info i can
Yeah, if you can tell him to please check this server and respond more often would greatly appreciate it
If communication is an ongoing issue it will be a pretty major problem
ok

@Admins
Can someone smack a signup ping

Gotchu in 2 minutes
Is corn still in?
Yeah he said to keep him in
Lol

@Noam I would say its up to you, if it seemed like it was in good spirits/a joke prob not a big deal but if it didn't come off that way maybe something to read into
not sending anything but if it becomes a pattern good to have the paper trail

heard
Think we got the teams worked out
Jackson and Rex are likely going to MTB, and 101 respectively if everything works out how I think it will
That puts all teams as valid except 101T a bit scuffed? But I think thats best case we could hope for at this point
And I will put pressure on drago to get games for the rest of his players

Games got logged fast tysm noam!!!!
🫡
As for the scrim bot dm we definitely need to address that
something along the lines of "Even though signups are a more casual format, the expectation is that you take them seriously, which includes reasonably good comms and focus on the game, and minimizing substance use. This is stated in the rules, and will result in a penalty if it is continuously disregarded."  {Reactions} 👍 (5)  [2024/08/06 午後 09:54] jeandones If we can get 3(? i think 2 of us are out) thumbs on this we can go ahead and send. Everyone has their series where they're off so I think its fine to not do anything now but if it happens again. @Admins
wdym by "Everyone has their series where they're off"
ohh
I understand nvm
Like I think it is normal for people to act that way once in a while uk
but if its repeated
@Noam want me or u to send?
might be better coming from you
Heard.
dom might think i'm angry from yesterday
sent
will update logs if there is a notable response
Think we just do the same thing we did last time this came up and bump points according to amount of questionable series temporarily for team format
heard from stav and kathy independently that those were the 2 most frustrating signups they've ever played
Yeah its not great. Definitely not what you want to hear
Let them know that we've messaged them and are trying to make sure it doesn't happen again
Got a emote reaction from Dominic, nothing from Domonic so far

Appears there was a logging error
Website stats not working
i'll double check
Looks like 2 riven bans blue side g1
ah yeah i'll fix
Unsure if that's what is causing it or if there's another error
That would probably be it
Let me finish making the schedule and ill debug
thankfully im on laptop rn
btw i must've mispelled ivern and it corrected to riven
never realized those were anagrams
thats funny
renata is one that always gets me
cuz you gotta type glasc too
i usually remember that one
idk what's causing it this time though
it's working now?
Yeah i dont see anything obvious ill have to uncomment some debug code
oh
weird?
stan can u confirm its working for you?
@Stanley
never mind
it works if you swap to season 7 then back to 8
but doesn't work for 8 when you load the first time

Its loading fine for me?
Ill try priv browser
works now
idk man
caching issue probably

Works for me now
Oh season starts in 40 minute?
Yes!
Yippee!!!

Reminder: prior to logging any Fruit Cakes games, you have to manually add it to the text file in the logger directory.  {Reactions} 🫡 (2)  [2024/08/07 午前 01:10] teslaplasmabolt Otherwise the team won't show up as an option

Pogar

I can log games  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2024/08/11 午後 10:29] nomulus Games logged  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2024/08/13 午後 11:02] jeandones @Noam ill log  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/08/16 午後 03:50] jeandones If there are no no-shows tonight we will be at 130 unique players in scrim zone history.

Wow.
Nice
I’ve been so busy lately i get home Sunday and I’m done with everything
Nice!
Dash was the 100th player for those wondering
It’s weird to think about how long I’ve been here. Cause it hasn’t felt that long
Right?
Its been almost 4 years since the server has existed. You've probably been around for 3 years + change
Bot#8380 been almost 4 years since the server has existed you've probably been around for 3 years + change is a producer on a big rebrand in 2009).[86] the extra damage to review". the original on may". retrieved september 6, however, 2020. "regulating anti-sports".[31][68] jackson, and its cooldown on increasing his base movement speed growth decreased early game's highest-sports" (march 20, the original on november 27, 2021. reuters staff. retrieved december 26, 2019 winners headlined by a minute.[106] over
Oh nah ....
Added tracker to stats page
This is working backwards from season 8 down to season 0, with all seasons at the end
Season 6 was peak Scrim Zone
I could have guessed that I think
Yeah I wouldn't have guess how close seasons 5-7 were though, all within 16 games.
And season 4 was way further off than I thought.
first game tonight will be our 500th signup game
(6 people have only played team format lol)
Damn
I would venture to say the stater requirements are a great success!
Seasons 1-3 were kinda flops

@Admins Just a thought - is there a reason not to reduce sub minimum to 5 games? Logic for 6 is that its 3 signups max, 2 signups minimum, which would be true for 5 and would make needing to get a series to 3 games less important. Doing that, we could bump the point penalty to 5 which would encourage participating players to get their games in more? This could be a horrible take but just thought of it and wanted y'alls opinions.  {Reactions} 👍 (7) 👎  [2024/08/16 午後 05:35] barisaxxy I think if it doesn’t increase the minimum or maximum and just skews towards more people being able to do it in fewer signups that’s fine with me
Min is still 2 Max is still 3 right
Yep
Yeah seems all fair to me personally
Seems fine
I don’t think it’s bad

So uh
Is 3/23 inting?
maybe a little
(i was in the game he was definitely not trying)
It’s his worst role and aryan is def better than him but
Idk
he got solo killed twice by level 4 i think
Bot#8380 50/95/75/25. publishers were a now 10/55/85/10.
didn't see what happened tho i was focusing on zeri jungle clear
It’s after his point freeze so idk
Not good though.
It’s not like inting to cheat it’s just like
Inting bc bad mental? Idk
Not sure it’s actionable
I think this is correct
Carrot told me that he felt like he was actively not trying but also not actively running it down
For what it's worth
Gotcha
Let’s just keep an eye on him  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/08/18 午後 10:10] jeandones We were doing it alr but
Uk

Who did it?
Domonic
Oh
Sigh
^

Oh btw I heard from Kathy that she thinks he was definitely trying today
But he also told me he was trying to tilt Carrot
Need to keep an eye on him too

this was about Mason idk why I forgot to include that**
Lmao
or input error?
Should have been Zeri not Janna mb
Idk how that happened I for sure went through champs
oh yeah cause that makes perfect sense  {Reactions} 😭 (2)  [2024/08/20 午後 12:50] nomulus What part of it doesn't
you know
the classic jg matchup
ryze vs zeri

jonah thought it would be something else b/c why would you go back to something so played out yet another time
Truly

fixed

suspension for mason from their next series or what
publicly admitting to inting

@Admins thoughts here

I'll post post-games in like 10 minutes
sorry in advance
at least for g1

egad I forgor
let me get on that
ill log  ============================================================== Guild: Scrim Zone Channel: Text Channels / casting Topic: This channel is used for scheduling casters for games ==============================================================  [2021/07/01 午後 06:10] jeandones hey @Casters, I think it would be smart if we have 2 people who want to cast each game sign up on a per game basis. Ill send a google drive link and pin it. It will contain all the overlay stuff and stream keys youll need to stream to our twitch channel

if you have a big audience already. you can stream, and our channel can host you
if you have any questions, send them here, this isn't something im super familiar with but I'm willing to work it out with all of you to make this as easy and workable as possible

Nvm i dont stream twitch. Ill just watch one of of the players if thats ok
Only one though, you have to be fully zoomed in and focused on them the whole time
Actually wait now I kinda wanna see a stream or set a of streams where there's a caster for each individual champion and they never talk about anything else

i believe thats called simping
what do you stream with?

also if you wanna take a break from talking while casting just play the riot creator safe playlist if you can
i believe its on spotify, although it might be on other things as well
:AYAYA: :AYAYA: BURNING BRIIIIGHT :AYAYA: :AYAYA:
ill be on for this game so i can handle the stream
react to this message if you want to do commentary over the game
its at 10pm
here is a drive link to a folder with all the assets for streaming in it
the Scrims.json is a set of scenes for obs, if you want me to help walk you through it I can do so

@Casters does anyone want to cast VSP2CGP vs Bit.ly/3qljosU tonight?
game is at 10
i can help you set up your stream if needed
meeeeeeeeee
bro
ur
playing in it
?
so?
how do u cast if you're playing it
just built diff
ok, anyone who isn't playing, that wants to cast

@Casters is anyone interested in casting the games with me?
I can do both but just me talking seems kinda lame
If my game is over by the time the 2nd game starts I can cast the 2nd one with you
Big
I’ll come hand out
Hang
🍟
I’m at a hotel tn so idk if my wifi can support the stream
Cuando
i dont know how to cast
😬
peepeehands
I can do it if no one else can
Just talk at the game
Do the stream I mean
It will be screen shared
Hi Mimi 💗
Ok big I’ll call u
When
hi iris <3
It’s in announcements

Ok deanie beanie

Hey @Casters its possible we will have 2 overlapping games today.
if someone could hop in as a spectator and then roll back to the beginning of the 2nd game after the first game concludes
that would be awesome
would prevent us from having to stream a game after the fact
if not thats all good
Ill cast right after my game ez pz 😎
oh true!
you can just right click and spectate right?
I should be able to ya
and then just scrub to beginning and we can watch when the first game is over
if someone can just record it
poggies
!

I can help where needed 🙂

big
Iris helping me cast big pog

@Jar @Erik Y. can you guys cast tomorrow if i help you set up the overlays?
i only worship at the church of miles sorry bro
:(
but
im gonna be playing
and so is iris

Ill cast if my house so allows it
Basement flooded so uhhhh ill have to see xd
Ill lyk if im free

Oops!

@Casters I'm gonna need help figuring out how to cast games for tonight
I can get 8pm, hopefully with someone co-casting
I can start the 9:30 cast, but likely wouldnt be able to finish it
if theres someone from team sexy or strike one that is willing to cast that would be super helpful
Can help with 8pm. 9:30 and 10 cannot
ok sounds good
its possible we could cast the games after theyre over but thats lame
I would but I'm a sub today
And I think I'll be pretty dead after game 2
right
if the 2nd game was at 9
this would be really easy
lol
or if game 3 was at 10:30

iris will do the cast tonight
wont be talking but all 3 games will be streamed!

@Casters who wants to cast with me tonight at 9?
may i 🥺
i can hop on as soon as my drivers ed stuff is done
ok sick
ill be in vc once im done with my laundry
kk
I can give a hand as well

@Casters anyone able to help cast at 9:45?
I can I think
pog
@Dean me too, if youd like
ok sounds good

@Casters gonna cast today if you guys wanna hop in

Game tonight at around 10:20-10:30
@Jar can you stream it?
viking ooga booga

I'
ll be there for you

ill stream if you wanna cast with me @Olaf (Erik O.)
that sounds like a plan

I can help with casting : ) ) )) ) )

hoes mad

@Casters we need someone to cast the game tonight, as mason and I cant
just let me know in advance and i can help you set up all the assets and stuff
ill cast the first game if someone is streaming
bro
ur in the damn game
what are you on about
im only playing 1 game
i can cast with whoever is streaming in the first game no?
its on friday
im gonna stream it
ah
reading

@Jar wanna do a little swappy action?
you cast my game i cast yours?
sure
bet

@Casters if any of you guys wanna join just join call
i gotta change the name lol
oops
Xd
@Erik Y. @Olaf (Erik O.) you bois wanna cast?

gotta go to meeting

Im at a dinner
cringe

@Casters if anyone wants to hop in :D
oh i will! ill hop in. ill do it
>:(

@Jar
cast?
must i
jk
ill boot up the stream in a sec
spectate

@Jar how many sona ults do u think i will miss this game?
at least 3 😄

@Casters anyone down to cast the game tonight with me

@Jar @Erik Y. @Olaf (Erik O.) any of you available to cast 2 games tonight at 10?
@Whompa

i can if like no one else can
but i'd rather not
exam tmrw
Sure thing
kk

@Erik Y.

who's casting tonight?
I may be able to
i was gonna stream if nobody could
if u can that works tho
I can offer to stream if we need it as well
but if we need people to be casters I'm possibly down

I’ll be on 15 mins after it starts I work till 10

@Jakeare you streaming or should i set up
you set up
I don't know how to fix it up
maybe when I have free time I'll ask Dean to walk me through it
for whoevers casting
VSP2CGP is red side, Airwick blue

@An if you can't get a second person to cast or need a third ping me and join Casting Futon
bro im playing
@Jake if youd like to cast dean is
oh, worm?

@Casters anyone available?
@Olaf (Erik O.)
@Dean you still need me
I can cancel my event to help out
Cuz no one showed up anyway so I left early
ok
yeah
get in lobby
gimme
2 minutes
just got home

@Casters can anyone stream a game at 6? also @Jar can you stream the game at 8:30?

I will be in a meeting until 7:50 sorry
@hongbaabaa @Jake
I can do around 6
ok
just download the folder
and it should be straightforward
ill dm u the stream key
I’ve never streamed before tho haha
Hopefully it works
it will
just download obs
literally never had an issue with it
What’s obs?
streaming service
Also I’ll be a bit late
Like 6:10/15

@Jar download this and update ur casting setup
will do

@Olaf (Erik O.)

wednesday after 8 friday 2-7:30 saturday before 6:30 sunday before 3:30
if anyone can cast a game at any of these times let me know
just wanna get stuff planned out ahead of time

@Dean uhhh i don't wanna speak for him but i think @Olaf (Erik O.) and i could cast tn

Yeah

:D

@Dean ?
We should be fine cam I’ll be home in like 5 minutes to start stream
k

I should be able to cast for the game tomorrow
nice
waiot
ur gonna be in the bo3 tho

oh true
well im sure someone will show up and be like yeah I can play
we will see
if not we can just retroactive stream
or something
or something

what time does the game start on wednesday

8pm

i can stream tonight if needed 🙂
altho that means no fun commentary

i can help cast
if needed can’t host tho

4 pm game if anyone want to cast that isn't playing in it

somebody who isnt sick help out OUR JUNGLER
LMAO

@Casters we doing a game in about half an hour if you can cast that’d be epic
fdsa;lfjdskl;agkdls;adsakl;hds
sure
might have to dip
to play my game

6:30 game for jiffy and poison
aka 30 min

Ok I got it

@Casters any casters for 6:30?
help me set up the cast
yepp
call me on discord when ur free
Pinned a message.

@Casters anyone down to cast the game tonight?
I can cocast
perhaps
ill know for sure closer to the game

ill cast but i might be a tad late

i can cast game1
putting this here
if u need it u need it
if u dont u dont
<3

@Jar are u costreaming w me tonight?

any last minute @Casters
👉 👈
mayhap......

@Jar wanna stream a b03?

not really

Assets for next game:

It’s crazy that Kaisa is my most played champ in this server
Still don’t have her to M4

fizz kekw
is sera still my most played?

who's casting tonight? I might
I'd like to have someone else with me though I will lose my mind if I cast alone again
im casting
you can co with me :D

@Jake im lonely :D
@Dean lock the casting futon

mind if I join cast?
Fire alarm gaming lmao
@Dean both streams are still on graphics not game
intentional
game hasnt started
casting idea: popping into team chats mid game to get a feel of team communication like lcs
used to do anyway idk if they still do
that could be very distracting given that its discord
read and ignored!!!

@Casters anyone want to cast with @hongbaabaa ???
i can stream but wayyyy too much background noise
ill cast
:)
you don't want my cast

any @Casters ?
sure!
:trolle:
Maybe

@Casters any casters for Kitten Grooming Service vs Cylakats @2:30pm sunday?
@Jake / @hongbaabaa :isforme:
I’m out of town
nooooooooooooooooooooooo
@Cam casting angle?

Sunday?
Perhaps
I will know around noon
ok
noon today or noon sunday
I’ll cast and play 😘
I wouldnt hate casting
Noon Sunday
:)
if that was a real option id do it

@Dean @Jacob im casting now ? yes ?
if you want

how do we do watching
just leave it on directed cam?
@Dean
yes
or actually
ill just stream my screen

clips to get - blake solo kill @ 18 blake teamfight around 4th drag

@An @Jacob chat getting noisy
@noam

mb did not see this
no i
just added you LMAO
oh okay lol i thought this was something i should have seen
@An @Noam @Jake @Jacob @Honan are all/most of you able to do a meeting tmrw afternoon to discuss casting/streaming stuff?
i was just explaining why i muted them
i was gonna let you and honan finish the cast
ahh i see
Pinned a message.
Pinned a message.
you know its good when its a zip file

i had a sudden burst of inspiration

not tonight
What time?
It’s very likely that the answer is gonna be no though
10

I sadly cannot

i wanna go to bed someone else stream it

@Dean Can i cast cuz im not playing
Yea
Do you know how
I can show you
that would be helpful
Ok
Download the zip file pinned here
done
In obs
Scene collection -> import
The JSON file

@Noam @Jake @Honan @An any streamers for 2:30:?
I cannot

I'm playing today :p

oh right
so is honan
im really smart

bo1 or bo3
bo3

i will cast game 1
and it's a 50/50 on whether or not i can cast game 2

ill be in for a bit for g2

@Cam duo cast with me 7:15 tmrw :isforme:

Pm?
Yeah LMAO

I think I can make it as well
Oh I can make it for the trio cast

I cannot do 7:15 pm tomorrow
my mid
im crying rn
Believe it or not my dnd group is the only thing harder to make a schedule for than scrims
LMAO
cam has done nothing but hurt me on a personal level recently
qaq

Trio cast? PauseChamp
Trios are so fucked up man
But we will have THE KGS trio cast
and we are pog
so
ez
But everyone just talks over each other
nahnahnahnahnah
Let me cast this w mason and next time the 3 of us can cast I’ll be the observer for you two
:((
It’s not b/c I don’t love you erik
:((
It’s b/c I want the games you cast to perfectly spotlight your voice
:((
:soydean:
:soywick:
you’re bullying my bestie
:nodean:
If he’s ur bestie why aren’t you on his team ???
+ ratio
nobody asked me to be on their team except cam and zach
:smodge:
:SmackHead:
forgetting jonah xd
:monkeyBoxer:
deliberately ignoring my boy :*(
it’s not like u or erik sent me any offers SMH
did i ever claim to be your bestie
i’ve called you my bestie a few times but it seems it has be in vain !!!!!!!!
:surprisedteemo:
:nodean:
@Olaf (Erik O.) its a bo3
where’s sera t1
you take games 2 + 3
no problem br0ther
do you only have time for one
:t1:
no he doesn’t like u
erik
D:
IS THAT TRUE!
nah ill be observer
let you cast
he’s not denying it !!!!!
:nodean:
:((
erik knows how i feel
doesnt need to hear your lies
yea i’m sure he does
next thing he’s got a kaneki pfp
and sets his status to ‘only real ones know what’s up…. don’t hmu’
it's easy
dean will be the caster
mason the color commentator
and erik can provide zingers
simple as
cam and zach can be there and kiss
omg.......
:hyspinning:
the classic
hit ‘em w the bazinga

do we have casters for tmrw?

what time is the game

I can
Wait what time is it

youre in it  {Reactions} hy_kekgiggle (2)  [2022/07/21 午後 05:49] jeandones or
maybe you can cast your teams
theres games from 5-11
two bo3s back to back

i would be so down to cast for 6 hours straight but i will be driving for 6 hours straight instead

what, youre not gonna cast while driving?
scared?

this is a bad of a joke as you constantly talking about booze cruising
not even funny and kinda just messed up
an’s never had a sip of alc in her life
no i know
doesnt fix my problem with the joke!
what if i got drunk and casted
free content
i mean
yeah why not
if no one casts mason and I are gonna get drunk on a weekday and cast it next week
(allegedly)
damn i was gonna say maybe the finals but
when are the finals anyways
oct? sept?
oh so "im being fascist" is fine but booze cruising is too far
ryze players don’t get to have opinions
im being fascist is me intentionally mispronouncing a word
you saying "booze cruiser pride flag" is not really even a joke
yes it is
its me intentionally misrepresenting my opinions of drunk driving
don’t joke abt that stuff

Okay sir i see you
Hear me out
If no one casts the games
We get the replays
And then have cylako and Blake cast while drunk
That’s what I was proposing
Just me and mason b/c we’re free and had discussed it already
Fine
I really wanted to hear the two argue for 2 hours
But hearing you and mason suffer will do
:)
But if you need anything voiced over on the weekend, I can try and drag some of my giga-ego friends to watch and react to some clips
And their ego is like
Challenger
Their rank is bronze
Save me a seat if im free
:)
Ok
If it’s the 6 hour cast we will need a break LMAO
wait why is there a 6 hour cast
just games back to back?
2 bo3s back to back
damn it’s rough out here
it do be

Oh damn
I didn’t realize there were 2 back to back
This is interesting

@Dean @Jar this is the first game right?
then ours is second
i think so
wait if patch rolled over nilah is now available right?
sorry im on vacation so i dont have a mic lol
ah
nilah is banned
She’s up now yeah
@Dean ive seen 2 swain roots with no pull for soul?
extra problematic because I threw my bubbles where the pulls would've gone for the cc layering and none of them hit
💀

dude my jungle in my games was kinda scuffed
im already cringing
nah you gotta have confidence king
pop off over your plays
@Dean imagine me not being able to sever unmute myself LMAO
oh im aware
its the thought that counts
true true
frozen heart for what attack speed 🙂
@Jar
oh certainly
ohhh true
youre right
gg
yeah
cylakats
vs clawseted
@Deanwant me to grab my match history
players game 2
blakes team had a player swap
@Jar 🙂
we have fun
mason my winrate is like 37 percent 🙂
@Jar
I have it already
It’s on website
ok
lmao
to be fair my first like 10 games were on team sexy
@Dean cylako has been spamming sylas
so they ban it
SO CLASSIST

why would i ever
in a million years
build that item
on viego
@Jar
I lose this drag trying to let joey eat it lol @Jar @Dean we may have fucked up our comms
LMAO
combo of scuffed comms and yone cc
it’s not a proper scrims game without scuffed comms
wait wait
yall ready for this shit
eyes on cyklako
ignore draft 🙂 ❤️
plz god
so we thought trey was swapping for someone
turns out it wasnt trey swapping
the angle is panic ban 🙂
yes
dh
so much damage
so fast
lillia already so tanky imo lol
lillia runes so funny i could take predator or phase rush and not be terrible
btw mason
i hate you for this
i got 1 shot
it wasnt a facecheck
i knew he was there
brother
i led with e
@Olaf (Erik O.) btw you rush boots and dark seal on udyr
not bamis
swifties are so important for the clear

not my turbo scuff gameplay
on god though noam the real carry every game
fucking goated
cylako for sure gets mvp this week @Dean
no
we were missing valor
our default mid
honan is actually a sub
@Dean
right
but he would have subbed mid
cause valor is mid
i think cylako gets both
im gonna go too
bye
nah b everyone sets me up for the sera ults
it's all you guys

Visionbot.png

@Jonah @Noam cast tn at 8?
is the game still happening?
Wdym
Why wouldn’t it be
game canceled!
dean got canceled on twitter
no more scrims :/
yeah i thought it was no longer happening
Weird
afaik all these games are happening, tns is just at 8 not 8:30
so there is a game at 8?
Yes
i can probably cast yeah
but obs confuses me
Hype Tysm
I can help walk you through it in a sec if you want
Wrapping up lunch
Dinner
Whatever
Noam I cast w/ you

i probably can
i dont have the right assets anymore though
actually my pc doesnt really like streaming
so i can co cast

i can do the stream dean helped me
@Dean i know you want only 2 casters so what pair do you want?
yall can swap if you want
noam-jonah, noam-jacob, noam-jonah or reverse it
helps maintain vocal chords
i'll do game 1
or have one of you do draft and the other do ingame
w/e works

if you guys wanna cast together I can also just manage the stream

btw pronunciation guide for my name: No-uhm
like chomsky
yeah exactly
num num chomsky

jonah you wanna take over?
letting you 2 take over
@Jacob @Jonah
yup

jonah can you move your mic closer to your mouth? you're a bit quiet
@Jonah

im going to let you all finish this cast i need to call someone
@Noam @Jacob  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2022/07/31 午後 10:45] redloheb_ @Noam your assets are on the wrong sde
blakes team is on the left

@Noam @Jacob mvps are on a per game basis
:)
not one for the whole series
what about interview?
drag if you want

is someone streaming
Me im
Bathroom then on
okayyy
Valor are you gonna cast as well? If not I'm around
…
valor is our mid
back off
He’s playing
ive got two monitors i can do it
Oh lmao I didn't even know who was playing
plus if i cast ill change the game for yall lol
I can co-cast
as long as i'm not the one streaming
up to jacob
I'd enjoy casting
kk
cast deez nuts
:D
:PepeHands:
@Jacob we played a bo1 against you
LMAO

If there is a match tonight I’ll be available for casting with whomever

There is not

@Noam can you cast @ 8pm tn?
Need a run back your last one was a banger
i probably can, who's playing?
oh god do i need to obs again

i can join as well

who's casting?
You?
Idk I asked and you didn’t say yes or no
okay that's what I thought
i asked this and you never answered
My brother in Christ I’ve been driving since 9am
Just got home
mb my brother in christ i was not aware
but also
my brother in christ
you have not answered the question
I mean unless you can find someone else to yeah
okay
An and Jacob are playing
Idk who else knows how
I could teach but I don’t have a computer
im down to cast
Oh true
Michael knows
do you wanna obs or should i
up to you. the game is at 8 right?
yessir
can you obs, im gonna be eating dinner until like 7:50 probably
okay 😔
i offered 😦
to obs?
to cocast no obs i dont have permissin for that
permission*
i'm down
sick!
we can trade off with michael I think
huh?
like we can figure out a schedule so that people get a break if everyone wants to cast
I just love shout casting honestly Im still working on setting my tournaments back up cause I loved doing it
if the two of you want to cast im all good
thank you my love
👌
❤️
okie dokie

yo @Valor i'm getting on casting futon to prep
okayyy im coming in two secds
@Dean change stream title

this is cringe
I'm a sad boy
sorry yall
the cringers will be dealt with
😤
my team gets to war crime their team
They said they can play except chimi
Lol
bruh
Is he in game yet
They thought it was tmrw apparently
you put it in announcements yesterday though!
this is so cringe
Yeah idfk

@Dean you guys are a little quiet
my computer is just fucked LOL
💀
turn up your sound
it's up compared to what I use to watch things
better>
?
yuh it went up a bit
dw i told them already

stream quality good?
yeah seems aight

@Dean cs not getting updated might need to close and open the scoreboard
🙂

@Noam @Jonah @Michael can any of you cast at 8 tn?
i might be able to cocast dont rely on me to stream

@Michael can you stream it?

I can't, something came up
F
I can cast it at 5 tmrw I think

something came up for me too lol
shirley someone can cast
I can cast I just have a wicked headache atm
Based

@Dean 224,635
He fatfingered non R
btw i'm gonna stop watching at a certain point when I know I stop trolling so no more from me then LMAO
*start

thats a 5 man singing my song at the end

@Jacob

Any @Casters for tn?
me smile
good one
I can I guess
pog
tysm
do you want a refresher on obs stuff
Uhhh
My computer no like streaming
I can co-cast
@Noam
?

I could if no one else can yeah
i dont think anyone else can
lmk if you need help
okay
@Dean are you blue side?
ye
cool
@Dean
first 3 there
rest except standing in player highlights
standings in slideshow images
thanks bb
@Jonah i'm on
i am no longer on smh
need to never start stream until they start draft
lol
blame the doordash smh
it keeps happening to noam in particular
FR!
our draft yesterday was so timely
facts
im good when you are @Noam
i'll hop on when they send draft link i think
delayed to 8:30ish

yall got the draft link right?
yes
@Noam are you guys talking?
can't hear anything on stream
how about now
no
now it works
jonah is a decent bit louder than you noam
i would turn him down or raise your audio if possible
good now?
johan is still a decent bit louder bit it's not awful

noam
if you go to private browser
the asset generation will have the stats from this game
:D
Wdym private browser
Like incognito??
like
yes
Aight
bc it ignores cookies
gotcha
thanks bb
ggs

@Jacob wanna cast game 3
uh
sure ig
i haven't been watching so far lol
that's fine

MVP is on a per game basis LMAO

what a line by an
holy shit excommunicated lmfao

@Noam my fav caster casting tn at 8:30 :isforme:
?
You're telling me i have to cast a game where my favorite jungler plays against my favorite ~~adc~~ support? Excluding cylakat homies ofc
:0
Mason your fav jg? Poggers
Yessir Mason's my boi
Except for Jonah/Joey 🙂
Yeah I should be good
No spoils but the support matchup gonna be crazy tn
No bias from this caster!
If Jacob isn't flexed to ADC I root for KGS
But no bias!
we do have a sub
and some willing participants in a potential role swap
no comment on where or who
👀
Is Khai your sub
We gonna see the yorick ?
no comment
If that happens this series is gonna fucking BANG

yorick singed botlane with jacob adc

i can co-cast
if needed

that works

wait my b
cannot co-cast
i sorry
@Dan send the gaslight emote pls ty
:gaslight:
also
:ratio:
Thanks king

😦
That's okay Jonah
I'm not home yet Kathy needed an Ethernet cable
Ok
you guys started draft yet?
8:40
I’m still eating dinner lol
👌
gotcha
I’ll change stream title soon
starting 5 for both teams? @Jacob
yeah
Jacob
so helpful
what a great guy
We are blue
right
Drago jar Joel Dean Erik I
thanks bb
hey dean
where do i put the champ matchups once those happen
The assets?
Or how do you input champs
yeah the pics
Highlights
in the files
gotcha
is udyr available?
No
why not
:(
mason is bothering me
Hasn’t been a patch yet
soon to be not my favorite jungler 🙂
Owned
what week is this
6?
5?
7?
8?
7
was there ever a draft link?
Cool
No I’m making rn
anyone trynna cocast
i'm down
yeah i can
fuck you guys
CROWSTORM CATACLYSM CROWSTORM CATACLYSM CROWSTORM CATACLYSM CROWSTORM CATACLYSM CROWSTORM CATACLYSM CROWSTORM CATACLYSM CROWSTORM CATACLYSM CROWSTORM CATACLYSM

my voice is so tired 🙂
sameeee
hi tired
i had to work today
voice gone

Any casters for tn?
me
:catblush:
yooo
the mimi cast
new braille cast just dropped
i was gonna say lmao
text to speech casting
based
i get my friends who have never played league to cast
Would be funny
You’re not gonna cast?
I’m in Tennessee lmao
I can watch twitch streams at 144p
Sometimes
Oh I didn’t know that lol
based
That’s why I’m telling you dw
i want the tenneesee cast
I’m visiting my family and dogs :(
Better things to do than cast scrims unfortunately
I want the An Mason cast
@Jar simply don’t work
LMAO
@An down or what when I'm not working
We can do a run back cast on a game
im going to play clash if possible
I'm at capitalisms behest rn
So
But it sounds fun I'm the future
I’m thinking late night Monday for me if y’all don’t do it before then
Which series are you going back to cast
The one tonight presumably

^

are you guys casting the game from sat?
ye
@Casters anyone able to cocast with mason my mic apparently doesnt work
@Jonah @Noam if one of you wants to cast your own game that works w me
are yall live now?
will be soon
i got my mic working
can you send postgames to mason
i did

who was game 1 mvp i missed it
@Dean i sent it to mason
uh
oh
he gone
send the second one
oh nice
nah bro we just red side players 🙂
@Jonah valor
lol
yeah dean said
ty

any streamers tonight? @Dean
Xd
ohh just do it there easy
Lol we took a step back for a band or 2 going back into the pit in like 30 mins lol
Mosh pit scrims cast?
i’ll cast

When’s the match
I can pop in for a bit mayb e
im in the couch daddy

I wanna cast stuff but I feel like I’d be little rough on it and uwu nervous lol
Y’all got some balls to be castors

it was really nerve wracking first time
but you get used to it with practice

just say shit about the game going on its not too tough imo
there are a coule of flavors to casting but thats just how you wanna treat it

Just shit talk everyone

drink a couple of beers first

Dude you'd be goated at casting

@Noam you wanna cast today?
I have so much HW I need to get done unfortunately 😦
rip
come on man, you've already done more games than anyone else, what's one more, get some dedication
😔
i can maybe try and figure out obs

i’ll cast
if you stream i can cast
i can cast
who's streaming

@Jacob are you still planning on casting
or did it fall through
idk how obs
sadge
i can obs if you want to cast
i'm just too tired
i also never got stream key so if i did know how it worked i couldn't lol
uh
i think i'd rather co-cast it later than solo now
yeah that's fair
if you're down we can do it when you're free
we'll see how busy this coming week is
recasting has actually been kinda swag this season
can't wait to get absolutely roasted by casters for my vi game
u won the game :notlikethis:

i almost threw :goodbye:

Corki redemption for Valor :deanpog:

@Dean to see first strike gold you can click on his portrait then click the little arrow to the right of his stats to see rune stats

Never getting the pyke again either 😭

@Jacob when do you want to cast kgs vs kk
not sure
what day works best for you?

uhh
wednesday or friday probably
Wednesday should be good for me

pog

Any @Casters for bo1 tonight at 8pm?
I'm at a career fair and i have no idea how long it'll take
i can 😄
True!
Insider info
"Well you see audience, the reason MMK banned udyr is because they hate having fun. And the reason I picked hecarim is because if i can't have fun, no one can"
thank you noam for the sauce
we will draft accordingly
🫡
surely thats a strike for leaking smh
@Jacob what's the story with strikes? Mason and I forgot
what story?
That they don't exist
Smh ruining my joke
oh uh
remember when cylako kept telling me that you guys wanted to ban udyr against my team for some reason?
he kept bring it up and hovered it multiple times in draft
Cylako's a funny guy  {Reactions} 😂  [2022/09/15 午後 04:50] .jaspr where did that even come from???
he knew i was gonna watch so he wanted to inflict maximum damage
Idk i think because Cylako doesn't know the difference between An and Mason 🤠
interesting
an did steal my entire champ pool
Except for shaco
clearly havent seen my shaco XD

Exactly
They don't play shaco i thought

not yet if erik has his way
xd?
wheres the lie
i only play ur champs when theyre busted
viego and kayn are the only other overlap
have to go down to your 40% wr sylas for another shared champ 😄
DUDE YOULL BE SO GOOD
:AAAGGGHHH:

LMAO
I think I can
Honestly I was in a brain fart and I did forget the two names switched around low key. I was super tired from 16 hours of work lol
I realized after I was stupid
i thought you were trolling me lmao, we had no idea what you were talking about

I take it back I’m not making it to cast

I just got back
I can cast if we still need
@Dean do we still need a caster for tonight
yeah
actually
can you just delayed cast
our last seires and this one
all at once
maybe afte rthis game?
is this bo1
sure i can
yes
@Jacob do you want to join
jimbo?

I just got out of a meeting sorry
Need to eat dinner

ngl i fell asleep
idk if there's time to do them all tonight, we can do it tomorrow or the weekend?
bet
I thought tonight was one game?
it was but
need to do their last series too
also the other series yall have been gaslightiong me about casting
listen dean
idk i don't have anything to say
let's just not cast any of them @Jacob 😈
no i only upset about jacob
am also just joking
what did jacob do
nothing i am
trolle
Bro I've been so busy for so long it's crazy
The thing is I really enjoy the work so I don't feel bunt out
But like I have zero free time lol
bunt out
like in baseball!
SHUT UP MAN
america past time more like
america past nine ! (pm, very late at night)
TRUE

@Casters is there a stream tn?
I would if I was home xd
If you wanna delay ill stream teehee
Im in charlotte so no

@Casters planning on streaming all the delayed cast games starting at 2. If anyone wants to talk about them that would be awesome b/c my voice is shot. If not ill just put on music. Just wanna get caught up on games
Are we allowed to cast the games we were in :)
At this point
Sure
I would rather not
But
Some commentary is better than none
:)
Right
And we have *insight*
sorry i'll be in new jersey
i wanted to cast this week but i've been super busy
In an hour?
I can be on for a few
i'm planning on leaving soon
Let’s go Noam
i'm visiting my grandmother
CRINGE (have fun)
today is a hw day but i feel bad for not helping catch up 😔
Don’t feel bad just do your homework while casting
Simple as
facts
i'll cast while driving
that's the plan!
i'll make some shit up
i'm surprised no comments on the new jersey part lol
I mean you know what you’re signing up for
I feel nothing but sorrow
is matthew going with you guys
nope lol
But I occasionally had to drive to the hell state to visit family as well
i honestly like it there
still quarantined?
????
is he sick???
💀
Okay NOW you’re getting made fun of
my guy
??
he hasn't been here for a week
do you not talk to your brother 💀
NO ONE TOLD ME
yeah man
mb
LMAO
should've asked if he got covid
i thought i mentioned it lol mb

way more surprised he didn't tell me wtf
he tested positive last saturday, ashley got it a few days later too
surprisingly neither me nor kathleen got it and we were hanging out with them
rip
opposite of last time
TRUE
@Noam @Olaf (Erik O.)
👍
and its
turbo piped for xerath
LOL
once again i am the only pplayer holding jhin wr afloat
huh
why are my stats there
@Olaf (Erik O.)
talking about how soraka play rate vs your other champs
surprised you haven't played it more
cuz it’s always BANNED
my god my one ahri game where i played against bestie garrett’s zoe and he ate my entire behind and legs
the annie incident
@Noam mvp?
uh
yeah like 1 min break
lol
🥺
:isforme:
my ults
:D
will watch stream  but doing hw now!
gl king
ty king gl with cast

is stream happening for bo1?
@Dean any castors?
wait is it bo3?
Yeah
Let me pee
yeah to what :nodean:
Huh
Caster
Idfk how many games ask teddy
its bo1
confirmed leaving it at that
in case u needed it

@Dean you want me to hop in and cast bo1 w/ you?

ashe arrow for vision!
KK vs CLK label smile
huh
wdym
never mind i'm dumb
OH
cuz it says recast
thats fair
yeah that's what i noticed
totally that bit
i mean
to give you credit
its normally wrong
if you needed them
OH I DID
thanks
Who won
u tell me
Cylako won

ya know why erik has so many mvps for kgs?
bc trhe rest of us suck ?
because it's usually jacob and i casting their games and we both play supp
cringe!
@Jonah cast more games get mason mvps
so we like giving it to supports because underappreciated role man :smodge:
then why dont i get mvp when i pop off on support >:(
jokes jokes
LMAO ur probably 100% right noam
It's ok I'm sprinting like  half of our games

because you do it on ashe support 🙂
why don't i get mvp dean 😠
I PLAYED J$RLK:J4
JARVAN IV
not a real support!
SO??!?!?!?
i still popped off
go play him in jungle or something!
????
make mason support for once
this argument doesnt make sense
and i'll give you mvp frfr
just do it in the series against us
does kerias singed not get mvp??
didn't watch that game 🙂
?????
i meant lehends too xd
although kerias probably played it

mimaw mvp or 2 day delivery
ty
@Dean just lemme run the stream
wait i wanna do observer shit LOL
its fun
GOD
@Cam sam jugnle
an sylas
yeah
SMA JUNGLE
sam s
hes played it

steelwolf33 is me @Dean

@Jar wanna get on the mic with me this bo1?
Dean's voice hurt
yea lets run it
LFGGGG

audio delay
okay cool

okay so what's the plan
if you wanna stream
you can
but dealayed is prob easier
solo?
any @Casters free?
if no i guess it's delayed
need to do hw
delayed
easy call
go do work
okay
ty king
good luck
and to you @Jacob establish dominance as best mods
ty
i gotta come up to umd again
yessir
next weekend!
not the one in 2 days

anyone casters today?
tonight
i can help!
I will
Mason said maybe
I can always just stream and y’all can talk too lol
wait what are you casting
valor and i are also down if needed
The game tonight
bo1 from yesterday?
No
there's a game tonight?
kathys kittens vs janley
ohhh
i didn't know 💀
Scrims reading comprehension moment
my guy
you should know by now
i'm a little stupid
No it’s a server wide nerf I swear
just let us know
i'm on very little sleep lol
fell asleep in the living room while talking to my parents
If you and valor wanna cast and I stream that would be awesome
Lol
i can do that boo
yessir
this ones gonna be a banger
Fr

My internet dipper
Idk if or when it’s coming back
Restarting computer now I think it’s back
im back
start draft

@Cylako @Valor the bans are JAN- LEEY and MOGUS

who finna cast tn
im feelin it boiz
Dean and I are both playing
Is there someone else who knows how to OBS
me 😄
maybe someone can teach me OBS
i have class until 6:45 so it would have to be after that
alana i can cast if stream wants coughing
:D

Sure
Make sure it’s right into the mic

i cant obs but boy can i talk

cam knows i believe

i do know obs
i can show you before the game
can also send assets to you when you need them if that would help :)
bet
i get home at ~8
works for me

so who is casting
@Casters someone cast w/ me
alana said she was feeling it
assuming youre doing obs
👍
i will im just pissing rn
jakopb
share screen
I’ll come in a bit maybe

@Casters if no one streams the JAC vs KGS game i will just upload a vod with music in the background no stream
dont wanna cast my own game
:(
@Noam
what
cast it
i have like 4 exams in the next 3 weeks
also @Dean i'll cast it w/ you to get even representation
barely have enough time to play my own team's games
rip
you got this king
gonna crush them all
ty king
good job wrangling OBS
next time it'll be clean lol
i can actually stream now it's hype
I believe
❤️
ok tmrw?
nah i can't tomorrow, i got HW due then lol
thursday or friday should be good tho
thursday has a game
friday seems too late tbh
ill just run it now and upload
i want vods to be up
we could always do before thursday game, we know how long the series is
i cant
ah dang
yeah just throw it up ig
> its a bo1
xd
yeah but we know how long the game lasted i mean
bo1 counts as series
ok fair

@Dean no shot it's eden in jungle

@Dean raka is Eden's fav champ
wtf i like raka too :(
but don't you also play lux 🙂

i do

EU XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD

when is stream going live asking for a viewer

Are there casters for tn?

nope
if youd like to feel free
i would appreciate it
bet
@Noam you free to duo w/ me?
who's playing
i see
kgs cf
sure why not
BIG
you obs though
bet

@Noam
here
gonna pee

can't hear you

Comms are too chaotic I'm gonna mute

yaes

@Valor @Noam wanna split the cast with me tmrw?
would be 7-9/10 ?
sure'
wait
might not be able to
my parents are coming down

Either way lol

match time is at 7?

Bo1 at 7 and a bo3 at 8

My parents cancelled so i can join if needed

I’m there for it boo
Let’s get the gang together 😒
😉

@Noam do you want to be on cam for interview with jacob?
also @Jacob get in in 10
like
dressed up?
@ 6:50
im wearing eg jersey
LOL
lmao
i can be in call but don't think i'll turn on cam
not this time
perfect
easier for me to do LOL
👍
kk
might still be in game lol
ez interview kekw
you gonna turn on cam bestie?
otherwise its not worth 💀
i can if you want
LFG

letting you guys take the wheel, i think my quality is not great
i'll be here but quiet

ty king was just about to say
@Dean i clicked a channel
i need pull
Have to miss it lmk if I get anything
Realize wrong chat man
Mb*

Can I cast game tonight?
I might be home in time, down to duo cast
@Dean
Me and Michael?
sure ill observer
have u ever done like more than 2 casters? i know sometimes they have a bench of casters but i assume it would be too many
curious
we've done 3
3 is choatic usually
4+ has always been bad
@Hidiri I'll probably be home a lil after the game starts, you wanna do game 1 and I'll do game 2
@Michael or some variation
Trio cast game 3
idk if im subbing for joey in game one yet @Jar
Ah
if im not i can prob co cast but im not good at camera controls so someone else would have that job
das me
if i can cast game 1 id like thagt
i like the talking :)
i am playing game 1 so no casting for me
but dean casting is gamer
:)
ideally i think id just do narrative and pregame analysis and wed have different ppl do color and shot
shout*
bc i feel like i always try to do both bc im used to casting alone for 3 seasons LMAO
lol carrying the casting with the golden voice
huh?
my voice has been like
shot for years bc of it lol
have not sounded good for a while imo
Same king xd
So it's you and Michael game 1 right?
ye
Bet
Aight fam

@Dean can you stream

@Michael do you wanna swap for game 2

sure

@Dean show game
wait my stream broke
???
twitch sucks
i think it was my twitch in particular not updating the video

@Casters anyone for tonight?
i can cocast likely if we want one but i suck at cameras
@Jacob @Noam :isforme:
Clash I think
are we doing clash again?
@Jacob
i forgot we could do it again today
I'd like to
if we are clashing then i prob wont cast
if we dont then i prob can
Bruh I am really carrying the casting channel
:(
feels bad dean, but you are a great caster
when is game
Ok but how tf am I supposed to cast my own game
also true
oh right
your playing tonight
8pm
I can yeah
It’s ok we easy 2-0 Mimaws then we can all play clash :)  {Reactions} missing  [2022/10/16 午後 01:55] nomulus Leaving home at 5 so I should be there on time
the confidence
Yessir
@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) 2-0 this cocky bastard 🙂
Not the 1 seed for nothing
Dean I just ordered a new microphone
Ordered it to do what?
I don’t think they’re sentient
Cast scrims!
She’s too scared to play
D:
Also interviews and such
Ans Moms birthday or something
But once I get it my casts will be much better I think
If you stop fiddling with the video settings yeah
❤️
It was one time don't worry about it king
I can send y’all the interview overlays if you want
If we aren't doing clash hidiri and I can cast
That would be cool
Oops
This was not hongbaabaa mvp interview
Lol
yo teddy moment

?
the fuck does that mean
i AM playing
yeah but are u really
YES
I AM
:copium:
????????
im literally playing
just ask cam
ik dean just cocky
im going to ddos him irl
how do
yes please
@Valor could cast potentially too if needed

If I’m needed just let me know

We could always do me + hidiri game 1, cylako + valor game 2
If you guys got it by all means don’t feel like you can’t cast the series, I was just offering if my services are wanted/needed 🙂  {Reactions} 👏  [2022/10/16 午後 06:28] redloheb_ Just kill him it’s more permanent

if games in sub 30 @Dean  im down to cast but i suck at camera controls so id have to co cast
Ok
Noam and Jacob can both do it
Up to them which
my bois
@Jacob @Noam which of you is casting
I’ll send assets
Also let us know who gets pre match interview
I can ask our team who is willing to do webcam
May or not be late, left my keyboard cable at home so need to grab a new one
Ok
Should we ask Jacob then?
I was planning on streaming yeah
ok cool
hidiri who do you want to interview?
idk who u feeling
and do we have questions on stand by or are we gonna wing it
prob just wing it lol
idek who's playing lol
Mimaw's vs KGS
yeah
no right but players
for interview
check the site
ME
ik kgs roster is small and mmw we can check
Ping Cam for his players
me want interview smiledge
or ping dean for ours
based?
id be down for mimi since u are the team captain
well im not but i am the namesake
@Jacob what do u think
close nough
omg double interview
Mimi are you even playing
YES
not this again
IVE TOLD YOU THIS
LIKE 5TIMES
ALREADY
?
Since when
WTF ARE U SMOKING
Cam told me Eden
But like
Ok
both are
So Alana isn’t ?
no
lol
Ok
See
cam show roster
pls
Good communication:)
i updated the website
Check roster page
check that
Both are updated
cool
@Dean what week?
Look what I did for the last twitch vod
Do the same thing
that one said week 12
so 13 ig?
?
No
Look at the playoffs one
LOL
What vod are you looking at
i just went to the yt channel
Where does it say YouTube
I haven’t uploaded yet
I said twitch b/c it’s on twitch 😭
ok man mb
I’m just tryna eat dinner
Still confused when this happened
@Dean
receipts
u cannot say ur gonna 2-0 mimaws and then go clash and then say im too scared to play
LOL
gottem
ahhh
i didnt remember that
:)

have fun casting i'm gonna go clash 🙂

@Jacob turn on player names instead of champ names 🙂
ty king

:icing:
:icing:
:icing:

@Jacob cast tn?
I have a lot of work but I should be able to get it done by then
You'll get to hear my new mic which should hopefully be delivered by then

I might can if I'm not playing

@Jacob are u casting? and @Cylako am i needing to sub in?
should be fine
i love u
love u2
i can cast if u guys want but id have to cocast
i'm casting
i think an is with me?
but if not casting together sounds great
lmk if u are doing it with an
if so thats fine but if not ill sub
@An ?

@Hidiri looks like an is dead so it's gonna be u
Rip An
Aight im wrapping up an OW game so then ill join
jacob can get stream setup
i've got everything setup already
not gonna be scuffed this time i swear
pog
who gets interview
wanna do captains?
sure
yes
if cylako has cam
:)
wait just do best player
😄
yeah
me
!
xd
ill brb
should i go live?
@Dean ?????
show last game
(norms)
nah
shhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Working until 10:15 night of all star game
I've got a project deadline that night so unless I finish it early I probably can't cast

Do we have someone who is casting with me?
me
hawt

can someone do the casting and streaming for tonight - I realized I have an RA staff meeting :L
Sam and I can do tmrw night but not tonight
@Jacob @Cam @Michael
atually sam probably still can
but he
probably wants to do w/ someone
probably
I will also join in cast if my meeting ends early

Do you need me to help you get the stream scenes set up
Gonna be a riveting game 😄
Jg matchup is gonna so sick
(Mason will int me)  {Reactions} 💀  [2022/11/01 午後 02:15] mason_jars Trundle udyr matchup 2 games in a row
We won both games silence white boi
You haven't seen my full power yet
My inting abilities are unmatched

I too will int Dean Jones
The plot thickens
Sorry to tell you like this Cylako but I've been a double agent this whole time
thats ma boy
I'm just a really bad one 🙂

I get off work at 8:30, so I might be a little late but I can cast

Ok cool

I’d like to start draft at 8:45 if possible or start everything asap
Even getting us all in lobby pre draft so we won’t have that delay

casters on?
not for a bit no
kk
downloading obs
@mihc
@Michael everything you need should be pinned in this
and then asset creator
ill fill our for you

@Michael do you have the border?
also scoreboard and timers
We just wanted the game up ASAP for time reasons
He will have it for Game 2
crtl + shift + Z
@Michael can you hop in casting rq so I can help you w/ some stuff?

@Michael change your obs to stream the game not your screen
it wasnt workinhg
can you hop in lobby before next game so i can give you some streaming tips?

@Michael turn up hong a bit?

interview?
whomst
grab someone

Is anyone able to stream - Sam and I can cast but streaming setup less good
whoever does it lets actually get the layout done b4 hand
Ok nvm Sam can’t come again but I’ll cast if someone can stream
@Michael would you be free again 🥰
Aw Hong so cuuuuuuuuude
I'm surprised Jacob wasn't casting I recall him saying something about wanting to cast finals a while back
but i could be having a good case of brain damage
@Jacob maybe?
I can try casting if dean helps me set up
I last time I did it the obs was kinda weird
I uh
Have a lab report due tomorrow
But it's 80% done so I think I can swing it
I'll cast/ steam
@hongbaabaa you'll be there on time?
Ye

i dont have time to teach him
i wont be home until 8:30
@Jacob It's finals! you can finish the lab report later
i'll do it yeah
Kewl kewl

@hongbaabaa let's get in call at 8:35?
Kk

Working on getting the finals vod up
michael casting with blitz timers on the minimap is really funny

its u.gg ty v much. and how else am i supposed to know when the camps are spawning?

@Valor there's a high pitched whine on stream
@Jonah tell him is mic is wacky or something's wrong with audio settings
i can drag you into call if you want
@Noam @Valor draft looks a bit weird
yeah some of the assets aren't there
obs is a bit fucked
ah
we'll need dean to look at it later idk why it's not showing highlights and stuff
i can help as well
draft border is in the right spot and everything
yeah you could join the call to help him maybe
@Noam are you rejoining cast or can I hop in
Nah you can join
I'm sick sick
Ok I'll join in like a sec
@Valor check mic connection
Sounds like a plug isnt all the way in
No no
@Jar u sob
His volume is fine
There is an electrical whine so something might not be plugged jn all the way
Now he's quiet and you're loud 😭

@Valor @Jar remember to turn timeline off and objective timers on next game
im not on the camera xd
right but you can pass it on if valor doesn't check discord

@Jar you're admin you can do predictions
on stream yeah
idfk look it up dawg
no this is a new one
LMAO
@Dean how do they run ads
i think only he can tbh
i got it
yeah
yall killed me
i died for these ads
no shot
watch
let's fucking go for sure not sabotaging dean for those sweet sweet channel points
you guys want a third in the cast
i think the rule is stick to 2
dean's playing what's he gonna do
die again? pepelaugh
yell at me later
fiine
keep chat on tho
holy shit it actually got him killed omegalol
nbel veth ^

@Valor we can see it when you pull up discord btw
give game by game mvp @Valor

are you guys talking on stream
can't hear
Pinned a message.
ty very cool
Casting futon
nah this one doesnt pull out
;)

What if we made out in casting VC 👉👈

:isforme:
i can maybe cast today if we have extra people and not enough to make 2 games

@Casters lmk which of you are free tn to cast some games. Trying to get people who didn’t play in the games to cast.
as in don't cast your own game?
Right
Sorry should have worded better
I probably can
Okay
This has the order of the first 4 games
i'll be there just lmk when you need me
you're observer each time right
Sounds good
I can cast smthn tmrw night if someone casts
Yeah and I can help cast games I didn’t play in
Right now I don’t even have a table at my house
Setup completion speedrun

did you move in to a new house

I can cast after I eat dinner
i can scream at my microphone lmao
uh oh
im staying at my moms new place for a few months yeah
thyank god
test it one more time
just to be sure :)
woof
it seems good
who is casting?
i think we're gonna do rotating casts but not sure
ok
if you need me at some point lmk
dean where are you
Wi-Fi go
Bye
oh no
we
we all played in this first one
right
cylako didn't
ight

THE WIFE NEEDS SOMETHING ILL BE BAKL

any casters for next game? need to eat
im back uwu
you replacing me?
@Honan

@Jacob replace me already
Sorry I fell asleep
pls
I'll get on in 1 minute
😳
okie dokie
@Jacob @Honan pls have one of you color and the other shout pls
dont both try to do both

@hongbaabaa can you still help cast today?
I am going to grab my chipotle and Jen I will be back
And I can cast like
One game
ok
lol
@Jonah @Noam @Jar any casters?
i play the first game pretty sure
but can cast others

Work

uwu?

teddy are you casting this one too
come
i'll be back in one sec dean
@Dean share your screen

@Dean come back pls

i gotta get off after this game
@Casters someone come bail Dean out, don't make my man solo cast another one
i can't do it, it's us
I’d do it but I’m working
like im a metabuster so i can't do this
Still watching the steam though
^
BRUH ARE THE ONLY PEOPLE AVAILABLE TO CAST METANUTTERS?
DEAN MY BOI NO ;;
metanutters? 🤨
bustin bustin bustin

I've been so wiped after work both days but tomorrow for sure
garrett said hed like to try a cast so
could duo with someone
I love solo casting
reminds me of the first 2 seasons :D
😭
:weezer: :rickroll:
I mean its unironically really fun
just causes throat ouch
Bot#8380 are you
Me if I'm not dead
fr
my voice was starting to go from like half a game casting solo 💀
For some reason I've never had that issue
Did a decent amount of solo last season
dont get hype enough smh
or just have too much downtime
i feel like i never get hyped 😔
My style solo is very analysis heavy
gotta get valor in for that lmao
True!!!
After a few games straight it gets hard finding stuff to say

@Casters any casters?
Working sadly
modge
gl king
Only got 2 hours left
godspeed
🎸
:tigerpoggers:
:deanpog:

@Casters for tn?

Oh fuck I want to cast one but it all depends when
unless you need one for first game I prolly wouldnt be able to tonight
i think he might
word message me if you need it I can come by for game 1
@Valor could probably now i think
cast the game your team played without you 😛
I am waiting for Dean to confirm if he needs me or not
ah okay
Hidiri - Noam - Gruer - Jacob - Honan @Dean
i believe
yes please
@Valor you getting on?

@Casters can anyone cover a game tonight at 9pm ish? May or may not happen

I’m available if needed
May need a little assistance with setup but should be fine
Ok sounds good
I’m going to record a video on how to do it and pin it here
Sweet

@Heelie it’s confirmed for 9
I’ll post the tutorial in about an hour
Cool
Pinned a message.
it appears this may be trickier than i thought my winrar does not work
i can only open those with notepad and word and thats about all the function i can get
Pinned a message.
Pinned a message.
Pinned a message.
@Heelie its me and you bestie
sweet
u gotta carry homie
LOL
Bot#8380 sure twitch lulu  {Reactions} mia (2)  [2023/01/26 午後 07:21] hongbaabaa Based

scrim bot spitting facts
Spectator link

@Jacob can you do obs and cast with me?
yeah

Pog

@Noam hop in call whenever

does anyone wish to cast with me
i would if i could king
Updated Scrims Cast json
Pinned a message.

Did udyr finally get picked in pro lmao
Losing to vi champs weak

@Dean gonna have some guests on for the podcast?
not this week
sadge
can someone explain the karthus support
I am not understanding
need to defend my team from the scorn of mason
LMAO
no one asked me ahead of time and theres enough topics to cover that we dont need one
funny karthus wall tech into seraphine root we learned earlier that day
Play better and you won't have to
just messing around
true thanks coach
300 in your paypal as soon as I beg my boyfriend for the money
so its like
Number 1 scrim zone coach what can I say
worse ashe seraphine
betrayed an smh
yes 🙂
and also
you know what
im not going to give you idea
ideas
cuz this lane would actually genuinely be cancer
👀
i'll trade cylako for you
come give us ideas
no ty
❤️
sadge
if you get kathy too
ill move
wow yall pulled out the twitch support too
🤮
all to trigger you ❤️
my arch nemesis

@Casters Any casters for today?
for what time
8pm

Any casters for TN @Casters
if u need help i can
Come hang out bestie
Me
Slay girl boss squad
I'm casting
LOL
I have all of it set up
Me and Mike got it today
how did taxi break into casting
Bc im the goat
And asked dean
big
ah word
hope you're ready for some funny picks
leak ur teams drafts
so we can know its not blake doing them
Am I allowed to ask for the 2 teams rosters
okay
Bot#8380 the possession of its over giving me happy
yea
kogmax jungle
lulu top
they will probably tell you closer to the game
that's all i'm allowed to say
So I know whose playing so I can set up the stream stuff
Ok
i think dean will set it up
we dont have to decide until 10pm
ill lyk then
^
or
Ok
nah we need to know now
slightly before
dean
but i wont tell noam
😉
LOL
wait can we do trio cast this time
or do you wanna keep it on 2
let taxi and mike try 1 game by themselces
word
deans my biggest hater fr
mason and i can do the second then?
deans gotta stay hating
Bot#8380 i am
WHAT
i mean i was gonna say if theyre struggling add a third but if theyre doing it well let them stay 2
nah we let them run the whole game tbh
taxi asked last night
get some variety tm
yeye
and i wanna support new peeps
yeah
oh okay mason jus doesnt wanna cast wit me
fired
Me and Mike can just do tonight's games
If we drown someone can take over but we wont
?????
Someone else can do tmrw
DROWN???
i believe
Normal use of the word

What time should I start the pre game interview

Up to you, I usually try to give the draft time to the players, so either 10 or 5 mins before is usually good
So 9:50-9:55 for today

@Jar do you have obs set up
wassup
yea
do you need me to run it
get on
taxi fire alarm went off
So mad

@Jar join the game
standings asset works
this is not quite right
Ok its all fixed
bless up

do we have anyone set for casting tonight or can i get a round 2
(if my fire alarm goes off ill actually lose it btw)
is there a game today?
No LMAO
Tmrw I mean

Also no game :(
I’ll play

?
What
You are single-handedly going to fill a custom 5v5 lobby for us to stream?
Yes!
!!
I can play 5 characters at once e
Don’t worry
Hongbaabaa and bonghaahaa

Wait what happened to mvp vs androm
Moved back due to scheduling problems
but
maybe not!
i dont know
Lol
also those are NOT the two teams playing lmao
True

my brain is actually in a blender rn my
b

@Taxi if you wanna cast go ahead

is it today or is it rescheudled
i looked in annoiucnemtns
i canr ead i promi
today

can someone else cast
i got to my plat promos and wanna gamer
i can if needed tho
LOL
@Alana run it back this time girlypop?
im gonna go 0-11 with stride
huh
she's playing
!!!
ah
oop
mb
im gaemer
alos
mason
but root for me
make sure u microphone output
is for u mic
not ur webacm
<3
yea
i remember
start a bit that everytime i die, pretend i get a pentakill and shout with excitement
dw
LOL
@Casters calling all spider riders
i can solo cast, i would like a friend tho tm

wish i could but about to go back to campus
i hate men
me too
fuck you noam
I can maybe but it would be in like 30 minutes, and I'd rather finish my work
so someone else
all good
@Jar close the time controls then click the eye to get rid of the menu controls 🙂
He never does
:)
Also can anyone else change the stream title or do I have to
im 1-0 in promos
id love to cast
, however
busy getting dubs
i don't think mods can

@Jar do you still want second caster?
i got tonight fr this time
Need a co?
I would co-cast but I only co-cast with Mason
unfortunatly
i might get pb to cocast with me
If you need a co hmu
okie

@Taxi yo im p sure the sides are swapped for draft
i swapped them

@Taxi deviza is alana btw

Sorry about the stream title btw

@Spectres GG

yea i couldnt change it my side'
i tried
Yeah I
Forgot
And was out at dinner

@Casters is anyone casting tn?
Game in 30
i have scrims
Wait surely I don’t have to do it on my laptop LMAO
I don’t have a mic
i mean my scrim starts in an hour and a half
i can do game 1 if required
i doubt i can stay for game 2
No I totally can
It will just be scuffed
Ok yeah I’ll do it
Audio might not be ideal but better than masons webcam mic

so true
Well don’t say true till you’ve heard it
dean when do you want us to draft?
7:40?
yep!
send draft link asap
rosters?
actually
can yall update in tool?
Bot#8380 you can be intercepted, we do think thats way it feel like moving to bring back to ensure the files
Oh already done
love you guys
gotchu bb
although i think it's valor not steve

@Noam @Valor side select/rosters/draft link?
check general
general
rosters same?
yes
bruh
my scrim got cancled and no one told me till just now
i can co cast if u want a homie
@Dean
It would echo
LMAO
i wish
LOL

who casting 2night
:fizzshrug:
You if you want
is annie and asol enabled
annie is asol isnt right
Yeah I think so

how do i make the game not tab out when im specing to the client when yall end the game
so it doesnt semi spoil the last 3 minutes
uh
thats a new issue
hasnt happened until recently
i dont know

@Taxi yuro is an
btw

borderless windowed instead of fullscreen

Ok

anyone casting tn?
Can’t
@Taxi
wqhen
7:30
so right now
or 7:40 technically
is there anyone else
i will if i have to
duo cast broski?
i just
do not have the energy for solo
don't anyone make taxi solo cast again
i cant i havent eaten today and if i start dhall will close by the time we are done
aklso yesterday killed me
LMAO
its all good
fuck it ill solo cast
my turn baby

I can co-cast @Jar
Give me like 3 mins
lfgf
@Jar casting futon
I’ll drop in for a bit

@Casters any streamers for tn @ 8?
:isforme:
i can cast but cant run the stream thing bc im stupid
@Jar bbg....?
@Alana bbg we got this
WQOOOOOO

Any @Casters for tn at 7?
While I’m asking, also 8pm Sunday :isforme: ?

uh
maybe
I will be able to cast more 2nd rr
Trust
erm

i cant cast
ill be busy tonight
Rip 💀
@Jar :isforme:
Just mute audio on stream while ur coaching :)

@Casters streamer for tn at 8?
Mason taxi and I can’t

I cannot tonight
❤️
Real.
Gl

I might be able to depending on how long some hw takes me to do
Likely can't though 😦
I’m a slave of the education system (the honors thesis I voluntarily decided to write)

I’d like to but I’m still shy
I can help support whoever does cast if anything

@Jacob you able to?
I’ll do it with you
Uh
I maybe could but if I put off my work I'll be drowning in it later
nvm school comes first mostly
Sorry king
ill commit sepuku
I can silent stream maybe
Bot#8380 ok  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/02/26 午後 08:02] jeandones jk lol
cannot
im trying to setup the bundle rn
but i prob wont have it setup in time
ill send stream key
i cant get the scrim file to load up
i might be cucked for it or dumb
wdym?
whats the scrim file
that scrim_cast.json file
im trying to follow ur setup videeo
did u download it?
yes
ok
do u have obs
i tried to extract but it wont open
oh its not supposed to open
just go to scene collection -> import
and select the file
it gets read by obs
opening it doesnt do anything
ooooo
i use streamlabs would it still work? or only obs
uh
no clue
thats what i was trying to do. i might have to just send u vod after for scrimzones stuff. but i can still cast it rn for my own practice i guess
im not computer geniuses like you guys
im getting old and rinkly
@Jar are u casting?
He can’t
hes in the lobby lol
goofy guy rizz?
im just spectating
ooo
i downloaded obs just gotta find scene collection
jk found it

Probably not, need obs

i downloaded it

I GOT IT
@Jacob is king sempai

I assume no one can stream any games tonight?
:isforme:

Im a lil stoned weee

our games are doomed to never get casted
im down to cast like
game 2
but i dont know how to stream lol

m34 vs nynb is today at 530est i believe
if any casters in the chat
I’ll be a mile high Sry

I'll be getting tatted up

Naur

Wait till you hear what it is xd
Annie pinup
I don't play top lane relax
U PLAY UDYR ?XD
And?
Udyr was based pre rework
I play zoe bro relax on me

@Casters for tn?
Me me me
I can’t stream tho
Oh wait I can’t do 7 it’s too early Smodge
what time
Hong you’re literally playing lil bro
I’m not
I got benched
Likely 8 but might start earlier
Lmaooo
Ans trolling now I guess
I benched myself
🙂
I’m doing edibles
You want your team to lose.
Rex is more than sufficient
And for you to get high
Lmaoo
perhaps i perchance might fancy a cast
Got someone banned for telling me that in game a while back
might be able to co cast if you want
not 100% sure yet tho
what does tw mean
b4 i click that
trigger warning
Because I didn’t have form as 13 min kayn
That’s against server policy!
those kinda flames are just so malicious
I’m repeating what was told to me
:)
i like the funny flame where they start telling you to kys in mandirin
those are good
Also it’s just as bad as the Darius clip no?
I like telling people I hope their teeth fall out and they lose range of motion in their kneecaps
My favorite is just
Pretending to be a moron
^
“Why didn’t you take baron”
this is too funny
“What’s baron”
no
this this date
Favorite threat is "Mason if you don't shut up I will boil your femurs" or something along those lines
LOLLLLL
the funniest thing ive ever seen
is a rammus farming wolves while my entire team is dead
and they other team took drake
and my top laner just spam pinged my rammus smite when he was no where near drake
thhat sent me to outspace
that entire lobby was hillarious tho
i love jungling in silver and every lane is losing and i've still taken 2 drags but now that we have no map state or vision on drag and I am clearing top wave because my whole team fucked off to narnia i get spam pinged for not contesting the dragon that would just be giving a free kill over to enemy team along with their *first* dragon
I will not tilt I will not tilt

play rengar

i don't get it
smurf champ

well thischanges everything about the rules
Ok fine I’ll delete it my bad
nah, now i can j ust tell horribly graphic stories my friends have told me
lmao

@Taxi are you casting
im eating dinner
😭
fair
im at dhall

If you stream@
I’ll cast
i don't have new obs set up
Have the games started
I can cast if you gimme 10
No?

@here any cohosters in chat
i have stream on
OK
i come
wya
if teddy wants to cast i'll sit out and nap or something
oh
go cast
i have better things to do
nah it's fine i'm tired
im in 2 boys
well im high
go have edible cast
idc
if you two want you can cast together
drag me

is anyone casting 2nite
@Jar
I'm at work
You? :isforme:
Is there even a game tn
I’ll even change stream title for you
:)
#1 announcement reader
I get off at the time it starts
im at my farm
i cant
no pc
@Jacob :isforme:

i'm sorry but i cannot
i must be up at 5:30 am tomorrow
All nighter :0
i think that would fuck up my polygraph
which would be funny
Agreed
If you wanna delay I can try to run it
When do u get back
You could probably be on before game 1 starts
Get off at 9, walk is 10 min, shower for 5m
I'd say 920 minimum?
word
Well I typed out a response
It got shadow realmed by no service
Just hop on when you get home we won’t start the lobby
But let’s draft on time
Word
3 min delay should give me enough time to talk Abt draft or smth xd

I can join if need be :3

You wanna cocast into draft after @Blake
Sure papa
my dads watching make sure to give him a good stream
Wait is he actually
@Alana
I'll give him a shout out dw
yes
Does he want us to keep it pg or what
no my dad doesnt care
he says slurs
its okay
LMAO
Which ones
not any racial ones
besides the one he can say
Will he care if I ask Mason who the most fuckable yordle is?
but he says the r slur and im like okay
LOL
he doesnt even know what a yordle is
Okay
There is a right answer Mason
Be wary

@Jar JOIN PAPI
Is scrimzone going live?
Or is it somewhere else
im
setting up
uno momento por favor
No
No uno momento

@Blake you sound like you're talking through a toilet paper roll
Yeah
4500 square foot room
All echo
???????????
one room
????????????
Yes

Any @Casters for tn at 9:45?

Perchance

I can slide if you wanna duo @Taxi
Perchance

I’ll watch from work
perchance ;3
so do we have a caster?
we may have 32
32
(intentional)
oh fuck he got me

@Jar @Taxi @Alana are any of u casting or is it bait
i changed stream title fr this time
Just got home from work
kk
if taxi doesnt wanna i will
No one is streaming yet right?
i just got home
Oh fair
I’m ready to watch for my popcorn
is rift sharks still 2-3 @Dean
or is it 2-4
They lost Thursday
oh its not updated
2-4
i got it
ty
but just put 0s
huh
oh ok
fixed now
@Alana pull up?
ill pull up
gimme sec

i hella forgor
Also when I said set to 0 I meant
Just 0
Not 0-0
I feel like the 0-0 implies overall score
Whereas just 0 on both sides would better imply series score
I can update the asset creator to just have 0 as default since were not doing bo1s anymore

surely i am not catching flak for streaming right as i got home and havent eaten yet
yea sure tho i can hide it LMAO
just forgot tm
Just trying to improve quality of streams tm
Better casting leads to better viewing which ideally leads to more ppl joining which leads to better play

🤓

@Casters As season is winding down, games are gonna start becoming a bit more hype/important
If there's any games you want to claim from this list (dates may change), please let me know
Ill allow 2 claims per caster to start off, and we can add more as time goes on
I'd like to stream MVP vs MB and M31 vs SPC, but would obv want a co- as well, pref someone who is more color and less play-by-play
Quality/Availability of casting for the rest of the season will also help me determine our casters for playoffs, so if you're interested in those opportunities, please make sure to claim a couple series

@Casters I’ll take M31 vs NYNB if no one else wants it
@Jar @Noam can either of you do our series?
5-8ish Sunday
I have plans for tomorrow night but if Mason can't I'll see what I can do
Okay Tysm!!!

@Jar are you good for tonight cuz I'm gonna be busy

I have work sirry
Sorry

Who's my co for 9pm :isforme:

I'll call dibs on specters vs adrom
With who ever wants to co
ill do it with you
Not to be that guy
Thats ur team lil bro
Ill do if im free and no one else wants
me and taxi duo has not happened yet !!!
wait really
but maybe rex will play
We havent
you should play.
You should play

strictly hype me and cam up only
especially me because im literally grandmaster infinity
im uhhh
valorant

i believe it

@Casters anyone for 6 :isforme:
Slaving

Ill stream the mb m31 games but i wont cast them
but ill leave myself in discord so anyone who wants to can

@Noam cast tn :isforme:

i can cast
i'd love a duo tho if anyone's available
i gotchu
i actually don't got you
i typed before i thinked
i was gonna say
ur playing, right?
yes
lmao
ask in general or season discussion
i can duo @Jacob
sorry for ghost ping
big
/all

@Jacob the stream name is still state of scrims and also theyre in draft rn
srry just saw that u got the draft
i think only dean can do it
i told him
kekw

@Blake @Jacob i'll let blake take over and mute
oh mb
am i
clouding things up
you're good bro
aight
my voice needs a break
mb if i stole the thunder
gotcha
nah man pop off
i can take game 3 if there is one

@Noam want ur spot back or no?
you can if you want lol
fun cast

Bruh I have family commitments both of those days now

when
i said like a month ago id do spec andro
i might be able to do mvp mb but idk

Thursday + Friday I believe

Anybody casting tn?

Nah taxi was gonna but something came up
I'm sick so I can't unfortunately
its better that this game never sees the light of day
I can't my PC has been appropriated
what happen?\
Kathy playing on it I assume
chad kathy

Indeed

@Casters anyone casting?
cast deez nuts into ur mouth
Nah bro nut busters aren’t playing tn

me and jimbo
oh
that was
2 weeks ago

@Casters who can get finals ?
Yeah I got this one bro
Oh ok
Doki sub real?
I have 2 finals the day after I think I'll have to sit this one out 😭
I was planning on going out that night but I could laptop stream as a worst case scenario but ideally @Jacob or @Jar could get it
ill cast
😭
me and blake cast

@Jar we should do it

I work sorry team
@Jacob

JACOB AND I WHEN??
id come but Im seeing taylor swift that night D:

Bet
Ily Jacob u da best

❤️
What's the format?
Bo3
Rip scuffed bo5

Real?
real.
hell yeah
it's been so long
i won't mute you this time
i actually understand OBS now
Huge

wait what i thought it was bo5
Starting at 9:30pm 😭😭
Well it was when there was still a lower bracket
Scheduling gap
If you guys move the game to Saturday and make it bo5 I'll cast xd
Let’s just be happy the game is being played at all at this point
Skill issue
I mean
My team did not struggle with availability
Or communication

neither did mine!

my team struggled with communicating too much

Your team struggled with winning
I can relate
My team struggled with winning vs a tornado xd

ahaha… finals…….

Bruh
Can we get an admin on this message for initiating violence?
Did not need to get murdered and firebombed all in one go

dean didnt type that
his dog did
clearly not his fault!

If something happened to Crash or Cooper I'd make fun of Noam too

What

Dean's dogs!
I know but why are you making fun of me if something happens to them
Coping mechanism

Wait I'm free Saturday no
Now
@Jacob @Alana y'all wanna trio cast?
Correct me if I'm wrong
But the game is on Friday, not Saturday
Oh is it lmao
Scrims reading comp strikes once again

due to masons mistake i am now legally obligated to kill them!

If only lmak

@Alana you gonna be good to cast?
ja!
what time do you think we should start?
probably 9:30 …
!
sure
be in da call in like 10 !!!!!
bet

@Alana what do i play next
idk why i put that in casting

Huge

this is really good
but we should change the names to parodies if possible
I will leverage this to get a sponsorship :)
that'd actually be big but good luck
Pay us and I will remove your competitor
lmao
Well, not Uber eats theyre fucking cringe
yeah should be fine
overlay link in case i need it

React on these messages to claim casting rights for these games:
Sunday 9pm (Delayed Cast Monday 5pm)  {Reactions} pbp streaming color  [2023/08/15 午後 11:19] jeandones Monday 8:45pm  {Reactions} camera mic pbp  [2023/08/15 午後 11:19] jeandones Tuesday 6pm  {Reactions} camera mic pbp  [2023/08/15 午後 11:25] jeandones @Casters use :streaming: for streaming, :pbp: for play by play and :color: for color casting
mason
use the mic
Good thing I can’t cast lmao
Well stream
@Jar the camera is if youre the one streaming from your pc
mic is if you are not
if you want to be in charge of managing assets and shit when you could let me do it feel free
AH
i put them there if you wanna react on that
i was reacting to it becasue i am streaming them tho

This one’s probably gonna have to be delayed cast :(

@Dean do u want replay files
Yes pls
1st 2nd 3rd right
something like that
Yeah you can tell by the names
yah just wanted to make sure it was clear

noam are you gonn have all the stuff set up and me watch u screenshare
thats prob the wave right
?
You mean me?
B/c yes

@Honan @Taxi join when you are ready to cast
i can hear everything until i join discord
then everything mutes
now im stuck on rtc
god does not want us to air scrim zone on twitch ...
"the audio service is not running"
have you tried running it
Windows updates everytime I restart computer
How is this even possible
It just updated 2 minutes ago
Bot#8380 where i already knew that on those bot is the girlies with tank mythics  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2023/08/21 午後 05:10] killiax could be a hardware issue but
audio service not running
is that obs or twitch
Windows.
I was trying to use headphones b/c my laptop can only stream obs audio if it’s volume is turned up really high?? And that’s kinda cringe b/c I’m in the living room
pull out and put back in any audio stuff
But if I use headphones it won’t matter
like interally ig
But apparently connecting headphones destroys my computer
is it a razer
Hp
bruh\
I’ve never had this issue before
I’ve used these headphones a lot
God hates scrim zone
might not be a headphone issue
god does not want to see either NYNB or MTB fall
so the next best thing is to have the match behind closed doors
keep talking
let me check levels
ok
thats fine now
ok yall are live now
hf!
Game is ready whenever y’all are
Just letting u know no rush

@Honan u have echo
i hear taxi in your mic
LMAO MY BAD ITS NOT YOU
SORRY FOR THE SCARE
i was about to sheet my fabric dude

@Noam send damage graphs in season discussion
NOT SERIES MVP
its game by game
😠
@Taxi
@Honan
gotchu
Daev -> Cam -> Garrett IMO
agreed
same
@Honan @Taxi TYSM! Great cast
the trade has been dealed
:)

@Noam @Scrim Zone when we wanna start
I get on in 3
8:45
currently broke website
send help
stream live in
Bot#8380 we waiting for some white men  {Reactions} missing (2)  [2023/08/21 午後 08:45] scrimzone 5
4
3
2
now

YES WE ARE!!!! SO TRUE!!!!

@Jar @Dean no audio on stream
better now
im on it
🫡
Mason is suuuper quiet
better now
Dean goated
@Jar move your mic closer to your mouth you gremlin

I am sicko mode today
I can stream the game but cannot cast most likely
@Casters anyone else down to pbp or is it a mason solo cast angle
I can cast
When
Teddy it’s our game ;( u r fake fan of our team
6pm
?
But I’m not playing
So why can’t I cast lol
Altho 6 pm is not great for me so maybe not
I meant u are fake b/c u didn’t know the time
I had work today !
But I got cut lol
rip
if teddy can’t i can
me and my girl mason
Huge
@hongbaabaa if u cant cast lmk bc that depicts if i go out to dinner or not :3
o
i mean i dont want you to not go out to dinner lol
but i probably won't
i might join at like 7 but 6 seems very unlikely
no im chillin, we could also swap out (if thats okay w dean) bc my dinner is at 7
oh that should work
i mean its just dinner w friends so like its not deep i was thinking ab not going, jonahs gonna bring me back food so
nah go out
ill try to catch asap
🫡
More up to mason than me tbh
dont care masons my bitch (lovingly)
jk

@Jar alive?
Xddddd
Alana ur live
btw
glhf
🙂

where are teddy and mason?
gone
teddy is cooking for his brother
mason MIA
@Noam r u able to cast
bc i said id go to dinner
but if u cant its fine
i'm in a game and have to eat dinner after with my padres 😭
im just like
AHHHH
teddy and mason commited to this no
no worries

@Alana omg just leave and go get dinner 😭😭
Naw this ain’t on me
I said I can maybe do 7 smh
im gonna BEAT YOU UP
If you wanna cast it so bad
Why don’t u just
Cast the recording…
Me and mason but I’m sick and masons asleep

Mb team my alarm didn't go off

Tell mason to speak into his mic
i have him maxed and hes super quiet
@Jar
yes but i just rebalanced everyone
turned everything up and turned everyone else down

Who are game mvps?
game 3 is heroic lmao
1 and 2? @Alana
lya game 1 me thinks
menace
game 2 joel

React on these messages to claim casting rights for these games:
Friday 9pm  {Reactions} streaming (2) color (3) pbp (2)  [2023/08/22 午後 09:16] scrimzone Sunday 8pm  {Reactions} streaming pbp ✅  [2023/08/22 午後 09:16] scrimzone Monday 9pm  {Reactions} streaming (2) pbp (2) color  [2023/08/22 午後 09:17] scrimzone @Casters

When a game is fully claimed I’ll remove the scrim zone reactions and put a check - any games without a check still need to be claimed on all the emotes that only have 1  {Reactions} 👍 (3)  [2023/08/23 午後 09:36] jeandones Sub scrims too: Saturday 8pm  {Reactions} streaming (2) pbp color  [2023/08/24 午前 11:19] jeandones @Casters still need streamer and play by play caster for tomorrow! saturday and sunday are also still missing people

Also Monday bit of an xd moment

cannot do fridays but i will see if i can help cast another game

@Casters need 1 more caster for tonight! I can stream while I play if absolutely necessary but if someone else can handle it would appreciate :prayge:
@Alana are you not playing in your game?

What time does the series begin? I may be able to cast
9pm

You homies I got

also if someone helps me with setting it up i could stream it too
if not i could still stream it but ill be using my scuffed ass assets lmao

Yes everything u need should be pinned in the channel
Lmk when is a good time and I can help u out
ill be in casting futon
either in this hour
or like, in two or three when i get back home
Oh I’m at work until 5
Anytime after then
ight when i get back then
in the meanwhile ill be busy feeding my pitbull some preschoolers

Based

Where pitbull pic in pet pics
Wish I could cast this weekend but I feel like shi
oh my god i forgot
thTz literally my game why am i braindead
Me last weekend (and rn)  {Reactions} 😭  [2023/08/25 午後 05:18] killiax im home uwu

Need someone to cast TN I got work gapped

That Exxon bathroom had it coming let me tell ya

I can cast with Honan

@Casters anyone down to cast if I stream
:isforme:

If i wasn't playing lol

If no work :c

@Casters pls someone save me
cocast :isforme:
ill save uwu

@Casters hello is there a stream tonight
yes
can u do the talking thing
i am playing
he's playing
sub him for jacob
or
lol
jacob cast with me
lamo
gigachad
i'm also playing
jacob is playing
LOL
get kathy to cast with you!
who of the 6 in your call is not playing
get them to cast
joey lmao
joey
can u ask him if he wants to
he's muted
he has spec?

@Dean we're waiting on okay for draft
go whenever

Should be a lot faster turnaround between game end and game log bc of a few factors, but should hopefully allow for assets to update between games

MVP vs SPC - Sunday 8:30pm  {Reactions} streaming (2) color pbp (2)  [2023/08/29 午後 09:13] Scrim Bot#8380 more than e and sam is! cokes not going tonight  {Reactions} 😔  [2023/08/29 午後 09:13] scrimzone MVP vs MTB - Monday 5:50pm  {Reactions} streaming color pbp (2)  [2023/08/29 午後 09:13] scrimzone M31 vs RS - Tuesday 8:00pm  {Reactions} streaming (2) color (2) pbp (2)  [2023/08/29 午後 09:13] scrimzone Signup Scrims  {Reactions} streaming color pbp  [2023/08/29 午後 09:14] scrimzone @Casters !
^saturday
i can do andro v RS on tuesday just need someone to help me make sure my obs is good
Lmk when
ok i'm at home, i can do it with you after the series tomorrow if that works?
Sure
i'm also free almost all day tuesday, whichever works better for you
Mondays better b/c I’m off
I can maybe stream Mondays game but can’t cast

I'll cast monday
If you so insist 😳
:0

@Taxi its bc hes played mao in a different role
@Gruer ^
i mean its a bug
@Taxi @Gruer riot breaks spectator more and more every patch, it just randomly stutters every so often nothing i can do

Ty guys for the cast!
Sounded good from what i heard

9:00pm Saturday (9/9)  {Reactions} streaming color pbp  [2023/09/04 午後 10:35] scrimzone 8:45 Sunday (9/10)  {Reactions} streaming (2) color pbp (2)  [2023/09/04 午後 10:35] scrimzone 8:00pm Wednesday (9/13)  {Reactions} streaming color pbp  [2023/09/05 午後 07:16] nomulus dean are you still free to help me check the obs

@Dean
sure
since league is down :)
\:)
letme finish my blitz game
yessir

@Jar are you awake
I swear to god if you're asleep
is there anyone else who wants to cast mason's being irresponsible again

Oops
I hate you and everything you stand for
My defense is I didn't expect to be asleep for like 15 hrs

Pinned a message.  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/09 午後 12:06] jeandones @Casters anyone for tn :(

I request another banger @Noam / @Gruer cast if possible
Also who cocasting with me tmrw

Out of town tonight unfortunately

@Honan @Cam @Noam can any of u stream it?
If streaming just requires joining the game as a spectator and letting the camera go, I might be able to
i can
im sick so i called off of wwork
huge
Can't unfortunately
i wont be biased
is there a rule that says cant cast own team

no
trhen whyt cant i cast
is ur wifi good enoug?
hes talking about himself LMAO
not saying you cant Taxi
o
it should be hold on lewmme saee
I can't unfortunately*
@Casters someone is streaming with the scrims stream key…
wtf
By accident I assume
it's taxi lol
@Taxi …!!!
LMAO
LOL
yea it works
wrong stream key HAHAHAHAHA
i was testing to see if my internet was good i didnt know i still had scrimzone stream key in from like
8 months ago lol
That’s funny
u can just delete the vod
Will do tn

is there a cocast
solo casting sick taxi might be a recipe for 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀 💀
ill be unhinged
One would hope …
:joker:

@Dean do we have 2 castors for tonite
No
do we have 1?
mw
i can cocast<3
okie

I think
Yesterday might have been the final nail for my voice
I can like not get audible noises out lmao
So I will have to pass on the cast  {Reactions} sadJAM  [2023/09/10 午後 12:15] jeandones Oh noooo
Recover well my friend :prayge:

9:00 pm Thursday (9/14)  {Reactions} streaming color pbp  [2023/09/11 午後 10:17] scrimzone 5:00pm Sunday (9/17)  {Reactions} streaming color pbp  [2023/09/11 午後 10:17] scrimzone 9:00pm Monday (9/18)  {Reactions} streaming color (2) pbp (2)  [2023/09/11 午後 10:18] scrimzone @Casters pleaseeeeee :isforme: I can't cast anything this week imma need backup
@Alana we return to the cast xd
we cast monday teehee
uwu
mason is afraid of the obs boogeyman

if specters doesn't need me and work doesn't either, i can help with that

@Dean ping me if u need me on sunday
i will be 80% probably free
I might be able to do monday
I have to let you know closer to
I’ll be in the car so I won’t know
dean is my lightning mcqueen

Is no one available to cast tn?
i probably can
wait
nvm
sorry ill be practicing

@Casters no body ...
:(
Have to be on standby

@Casters can anyone cover tn?
@Taxi @Honan ?
no
sry

I work today

I can cast!  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2023/09/14 午後 05:57] caesarius @Dean
Can you stream
B/c that’s what we are stuck on
i have not done stream and am not set up to
i see
If you would like to learn there’s a lot pinned in this channel
And I can dm you the stream key
it's not too bad with the guide
(A bad attempt at a stream is still better than no stream so literally 0 pressure)
takes a bit of setup and you'll fumble around for the first game or 2 but it's aight
@Dean i can stream
I am playing but can stream from my laptop
Using the scrims acc or whatever
If logan is not able to
huge
figure it out btwn the 2 of you
i need to be on the road 15 mins ago
@Caesarius would prefer you stream but if you cannot let me know
💦
Bc i'll have to login to the scrims dc account and stuff
i am a little brainfried from going recruiting for my company and not sleeping last night so im currently mental booming
I would like to stream it
but idk if i have the brainpower tonite
Okay, let me know within the next hour and a half or so and I can show you how to set everything up
Otherwise if you'd just like to cast lmk

i do not have the brainpower tonight
👍

what week is it?
or do i not change the "week x game y" text
6 I believe
lemme fcheck
so 6 game 1?
k
5*
oh it doesnt ask for game
Season 6 Week 5
so season 6 game 5 got it
ty
yah
last question
after draft do i fill in the champ assets
yeah
heard
just checking
just type in their names
all g
bro stav just doesnt exist
wdym
no records?

@Caesarius you are audible now
Cam, it is because he is playing top Lane and hasn’t done that before so there won’t be any champions for him in that role
Is he gonna be able to stream draft?
Stream audio is way too quiet btw
Turn it up a lot
Heard will do
His voice should be kissing the bottom of the red

@Caesarius you can get rid of the timeline and put on objective timers using that eye thing in the bottom right menu
also there's a button to reset the hud settings
@Jacob im not controlling the stream
righttt
mb
my laptop
has just
disconnected
from the internet
i am working on solution
loagn
:#
okie
@Caesarius I have to fix after this game i cant re spectate
ok, how about I stream from streamlabs because I can do that it just wont have normal graphics?
@Cam
sure go for it

@Caesarius im going to take over for draft and then we can swap
that good w u?
unless u know how to do it
yeah that works!
okay i will do it right now
my about the assets being backwards
doing this while having to play
is difficult first time
@Caesarius do u want me to try to stream or do u just wanna take over
@Cam 2 I can do it!
if that's k?
yes absolutely
just wait for the 3 minutes to be up
then take over
@Cam you have to stop your stream
@Cam sorry!
@Caesarius done
sorry logan didnt get notif
it is being streamed if u still want to cast

How do we do mvps

Well, just from me watching them it’s khazix game 1 and Ekko game 2.
So that’s 1 for Rex and 1 for Cam.
surely not jungle biased

:smodge:

Ok @Casters do we have anyone to cover Sunday 5pm?

Thought for a second I can.. but I’m playing

I cannot
I can if I leave Virginia at 10 but we might be sticking around after airbnb checkout so who knows

I'll see if im free.

I should be able to cast!

Lfgggg
Return of the king shit

@Jar @Alana either of you willing to set up the obs?
For tn
I might be busy beforehand ngl

> Busy I think you mean napping
Hmmm interesting allegations

i should learn but! today can’t be that day. i have a paper to write before the stream unfortunately
@Casters  any streamers?
My dyslexia showed its face for a mere second there
Back to the gulch it must go
gulch!!!
I would learn to stream it if I didn't get home like 5 minutes before game starts
speedrun
May be
Probably not the best idea though
Bot#8380 ctied the shit game you guys
So true

u have dyslexia?
lore
99.8% certain
medical diagnoses were a myth in my household
@Casters  last call! PLEASE SOMEONE ELSE DO IT BESIDES ME
i have 2 assignments due at midnight
I could probably do it
Just need to stream it right not cast
yep
tysm!

@Dean can you dm me the stream key? pc was reset \:)

@Dean you can hover over draven passive to see how much money
cuz only one kill

@Casters can anyone stream the game this afternoon? Mason wants to cast but hasn’t gotten obs set up yet

If only Canada diff wasn’t a thing
It might not be? Honan was able to do it without vpn if you want to try again
(He is also Canadian)
Edmonton, Alberta
i can connect to the washington server just fine
Doxxing tech
this city is your cleaveland equivalent

@Heelie fix camera and enable scoreboard please
can i like
take over stream somehow?
yes i think if you go live
i'll need to leave at some point tho
uh oh
@Heelie  !!!!!!!!
we also can't hear heelie just a heads up @Jacob
heelie's microphone is on mono but that might just have to get fixed between games

@Casters anyone else pick up for me?
i have to make dinner

Anyone know mvps?
Erik
Drago
Who do you want?
your choice

@Casters anyone for tn at 7:50?
The yolk of our capitalist overlords has me
yoke
Otherwise I would
perchance
What if I like the egg version huh
i might be able to
i lost the stream key tho
i was steaming on my ttv so i had to link my account
and im doing hw rn
idk when ill be done
ill send

@Taxi are you casting? Want to know if I should look for someone else
@Casters taxi is in a ranked game anyone else able to?
@Jacob @Noam?
I can try to stream if it someone wants to cast but cant stream
I am not able to
sorry
I have a project due at midnight
kk

I'm very nervous so I apologize if I do a bad job.
You'll be fine just have a good time, don't worry about quality.

was not home sorry
if you wanna take over for game 2 might be cliutch
its lagging me out maybe
i probably can
ok cool
tysm
its really stressful too :(
wdym
managing both at once
ah gotcha
is roster tool updated?
Just check it vs game
Looks correct to me
i meant for sides lol
its up to stanley
they have ss
Spoilers lol
Jail.
cope + seethe

@Noam you are quiet
Sadge
You can look at levels in OBS next time you talk
Bot#8380 100 grams of chinese spirit blossom flavoured with tabi into a period

Who do you guys want
My internet went out
We wanted joel

TYSM! @Arnye @Gruer @Noam yall the best
:dinodance2:

:dinodance2:
:dinodance2:

yo any casters tn
me :D
you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
New bundle feel free to update but its mostly just removing some old/not relevant sponsors
Pinned a message.

How do I get sponsored ;)
wym
u want a banner ad?
pay scrim zone money
10 dollars and your twitch goes into the sponsors folder
Dean doing anything to get into the black

well
they are sponsors
thats how they should work
during frostbite we will make teams pay to put their team + donation on stream!
see thats
not quite it
did you remove those in the new bundle?
I kept mvp bc they won!
big
I think we get a lot more eyes on sponsors now than we used to
considering we now average like 20 viewers instead of like
3
it's been wild seeing the average viewers climb as time passes
every stream I'm like "dang this one is popping off" when it's just the new average lmao

What's Mason paying
hes removed
I c
Nepotism has fallen

L + ratio + go back to bedge @Jar

I wanna cast Sunday who wants to join the homie
@Jar thoughts?
Or are you possibly playing that series
hes busy
L
spectres players like casting !
I’m so good at casting I’ll solo cast, this has never gone badly before
True!
not even giving people time to respond smh

I can probably cast w/ you
YIPPEE

Ok I will be free for both games that don't involve my team if anyone wants to cast with me xd
They are also at hrs I could not possibly be eepy during so
Pinky swear tm

Clueless
If I'm asleep at 6pm Monday and 8pm Tuesday feel free to get the cross and crucify me

@Olaf (Erik O.) @Jacob yall casting today?
Yessir

o7

@Casters anyone who can co-cast w mason tn?
(aka solo cast)
:stirring:
when lmao
rn?
Yea surely people will play a game at 9am
oh
im in china 🛏️
training for LPL
You go king
i played a disgusting kai sa game on 8 ping
i amm so carzy
Show jkl who's boss
im actually so good at this game when i dont have 100 ping

@Noam @Jacob @Cam @Taxi any of you able to stream the game this afternoon? Just want someone who I'm sure will be awake at 6:00pm
I'm too busy this week 😔
Best caster off the table
smh
Gm
Mason its ur lucky day
you get to run obs!
Its very easy
and I just made it easier!
You dont even have to type in any info to generate assets u just click the button
Explainer video is here I'll pin it instead of the MOV file
Pinned a message.

I am in NC for the week so can't commit to much
word

I can cast
Wasn't sure I'd be back in time
@Jar did you get obs set up?
yea
unless you wanna do it xd
you can go for it
don't want to take away your learning opportunity
when do you want to hop in call?
probably 5 mins before draft
oh that's kinda late but sure
i'll just hang out in call

@Jacob can you cover or nah
uhhhhhhhh
@Avery looks like hes gone
:)
i can i guess
I have to leave at 8:30
otherwise i would
you can co with jacob
hadn't heard from anyone all day so im gettin food rn. i can come in for like the middle of game 1 onward or g2 onward
ok yeah i can co until youre on then
that works, i'll try to make this go quicker
i don't think NYNB roster is updated?

@Avery when do u think youll be getting back
i just hop in lobby
glhf
ty ❤️

@Casters any for tn?

I AM BIG EEPY
i cannot
i will fall asleep
warning ahead of time
please someone else cover me

It’s in 2 hours? I’ll be around
Ok I think apari is gonna handle the stream if u wanna co with
I'm getting it set up right now on obs
for sure

he is so eepy

@Avery can you tell him to leave it on directed cam lol
a little hard to watch the sudden movements

@Casters anyone for rn?
forgot to ask oops
LMAO
mayhaps?
you and @Caesarius ?
i can cast but not stream
honan streams are >>>>>>>>

@Casters if I record last nights games with just game audio is there someone(s) who’d be willing to just record audio over the vod?
You could stream it or not up to you
Just want a cast on it that’s not me b/c I was playing

What tkme
Does it matter
Nah I was just gonna record it this afternoon when I was done watching worlds and post it unlisted here
Wait dean we are matching pfps wtf we're so cute on accident
Loll
Also I stayed up for all of worlds I haven't slept at all
#NANeverSleeps
I decided at 3am that if I stayed up I would have crashed my car when I was moving on Friday
I had a midterm today at 9
Worlds finished at 8ish
:DDDDD
King

i stayed up
it was a bad idea
i was late to my midterm
id do it btw ;333333

u wanna coordinate with taxi?
yall could swing it together

vods an hour 15 just so u know the time commit
im uploading rn
ill do a google drive link cuz its faster
ill cast the game tn
if not ill prob just stream it at 7 in call and let whoever cast
Lmk if you want to do I don’t get it casted twice
taxi rn?
i got time if we go rn
@Taxi
if not my game is in almost this game timer
im giving it 15 minutes
Gl hf sir the stream title is already set
i have
a game sir
Oh I thought u meant u were gonna solo it if taxi didn’t get on
Mb
i will
that's besides the point, im setting up obs rn
I’m confused
Ag
Ah
im saying the game today may be a bit late depending on how fast obs wants to cooperate with me
Lmaoo
You’ll be fine
30 mins of cushion
And you don’t need the full scene just share your video player
yeeee

Stream is unwatchably laggy, idk if it's on my end though

it not
i just want everyone to know they are not hallucinating, my computer is just bitch made

@Dean im so sorry, you did sound v sad when i picked ornn xD
I was so excited to have predicted aatrox
I just wanted to see Aavery

i will provied other chances, dw

my sleep scehule is fucked for worlds my ass is not awake at 5pm

It’s fine I got the solo bolo

@Casters anyone for tn?
i can handle the later game if someone gets the earlier one

how biased do you want them to be

doesnt matter
@Honan i can cahnge title
im working on it
what
no you literally cant
I will do it for u
ight
i thought you could do it through obs?
no
maybe if you are logged into the twitch account
but stream key alone doesnt let you
ight fair enough

I can cast the remaining games of the season than I'm not playing in
Assuming nothing comes up, but I'll know once we get games scheduled

can I cocast with you for the next match @Dean ?
bet

so we have casters for playoffs yes?
:clueless:
:smodge:

I will b around
:fishscream:

ill cast if im not playing the rs game
(i prob wont forever benched :smodge: )

@Casters I’ll be casting both games tomorrow. If anyone wants to join feel free

I'll co-cast with you for this next one if you want! @Will
sure thing  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/31 午後 02:32] valormvp I’ll be down to shout cast finals I do believe I’ll double check and know asap but shouldn’t be an issue

I can as well most likely

Was just abt to say that would be a banger duo
Cylakats revival

assemble the starter 5

We gotta get webcams figured out so I can hold up my fan sign
Well predictions

I Gotchu  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/11/06 午後 05:38] jeandones @Noam @Valor yall still casting tn>?

si

should be good yah

For Tn: Game 1 @Jar @Jacob  ~ 7:00 Game 2 @Dean @Avery ~ 8:00 Game 3 @Jar @Avery ~ 8:50 Game 4 @Dean @Jacob  ~ 9:40  Does this work for everyone?  {Reactions} 👍 (3)  [2023/12/11 午後 03:35] jeandones Actually we should swap games 3 and 4 @Jacob @Avery its updated rn

yeah still cool with me  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/12/11 午後 03:35] .jaspr sure
I'll do a lil intro at the beginning

@Dean @Jar when do you want me in call?
6;55 is prob fine
kk

Gl with the stream. Can't wait to see some dope casting.

i do not need to pause for runes lmao
ur crazy
theres a minute before combat can even happen!!!!!!!!
mason can u fr stop fucking talking about what you know already
its super lame

@Avery summoning ritual

OH ITS STILL WEIRD
i asked mythikk what he wanted to do
we discussed in draft
@Jar @Avery :isforme:

@Jar are you casting on the stream or on Dean's sharing cuz you're a bit behind I think

mine but it like was buffered or smth

@Gruer @Avery @Jar any casters in chat :)
i can if its not a solo cast
mason should be getting on  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/12/13 午後 11:44] killiax dean can kick mason in the back, now he really has no reason to miss anything

I can cast the frostbites if needed later :3
In the week i mean

bestiee
we ride again  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/01/15 午後 04:25] jeandones @Casters react here if you’re interested in casting games tn! Starting at 7 going until about 10:30/11  {Reactions} 🐙  [2024/01/15 午後 04:25] 8.013 @Jar !??

Let bro sleep
Bot#8380 which is da joka baby  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2024/01/15 午後 04:26] 8.013 Its 4 pm???
Sorry let bro focus on work
HOOOOOOOOOOLY  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2024/01/15 午後 04:26] jeandones Banger tbh

Time is not a concept us gerbils in capitalisms rat race should be aware of, let us chip away at our daily toil while we attempt make it big in the ever shrinking marketplace of ideas
Yea I'll cast tbh what's one more grave

LOLOLOLOL
❤️☝️

I think Alana is watching stream instead of Dean's cast
sounds like she's a bit delayed
👍

YAY GO ALANA GO MASON

any casters
?
@Casters
:isforme:
not casting but ill come watch
i can cast this 1
wait ill watch from twitch  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/01/16 午後 07:06] jeandones @Casters any help :isforme:

stream in discord \:)
can cast until signups happen @Dean

Any @Casters helping today?!! :isforme:
Beating customers up with vanilla bottles

do you still need a guy
rainworld was hurting me
yes plesae

@Casters pretty please can we get a duo cast for finals in about 30 mins?
my voice is GONE in abt 2 seconds
i can if no one available
<3
ill join!
might have to dip randomly
well actually ill join if i can idk how long my friends business call is lasting

7:00pm Sunday  {Reactions} streaming (2) color (2) pbp (2)  [2024/01/21 午前 03:51] scrimzone 7:00pm Monday  {Reactions} streaming color (2) pbp  [2024/01/21 午前 03:51] scrimzone 8:30pm Tuesday  {Reactions} streaming color pbp  [2024/01/22 午後 03:38] jeandones @Casters can anyone stream the game tonight at 7?

Mason will cocast with you

i might but i have to grocwey shop first so id be a bit late lol
@Honan @Jacob @Noam @Valor @Cam @Avery ? I can give a refresher to anyone who needs one
i have a cold \:(
me playing tonight against you king
have dnd
couldnt be true

I'm bedridden with headache sorry king
scrim disease...
i don't need a refreseher on go  {Reactions} 😭  [2024/01/22 午後 04:58] killiax like no seriously like
they're what, 5 bucks for a trenta?
i could just get a two gallon thing of root beer
barqs tho, only barqs make em that cheap
probably equal health value tbh
are you able to stream?
well
yes, but i make no promises as to the quality
god bless
nw
ill change stream title for u
ight, i remember the rest

@Honan me and you bbg?

more
sure
im just setting up things rn
namely music, assets, stuff like that
im also harvesting organs
i hear you can get a large amount of alien lean from league player brains

streams all ready
yes sir
wake mason up if he wants to stream
if not, my ass needs no co-streamer
but no promises on quality after moving aint gonna lie

tool updated for game 2
just refresh asset page
?

Any @Casters for tn :isforme: :isforme:

@Honan  @Alana  @Noam @Valor  @Cam  @Avery  ?????
i will do it if some1 else helps bc i am too anxious to cast by myself all 2/3 games T.T
I can cast with you
but @Dean should make me mod on twitch so i can change the stream title!
ill do it
Bot#8380 lowkey if anyone has survived time of you have things
also mods cant
wait really
i thought there was a command for it
none of my mods can figure it out so
im assuming theyre smart and its not a feature

Omw back from target @Alana I can get on at 8:30
So @Dean I wait for links to be sent and both captains to say their rosters are in the tool to make assets?
uh yeah
i can do it for u tho
should be all set
ill make links later but you dont need to wait
1 sec
be on in a second

sorry for scuffing the roles :(  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/01/23 午後 09:22] nomulus it's okay bestie we forgive you

@Casters anyone for 6 tonight?
I can cover mvp vs mtb after our game
Bot#8380 will determine the sunfire into roaming

can anyone stream it?

you see
i would
but im playing
i need to pick up kathy soon \:(
omg same!
good luck!!!
...wait
we need a streamer then LMAO
right yes this is the problem
Worst come to worst someone gets a recording of the game and it can be streamed later
i wouldve cocasted right now i just dont have any of the stream stuff
its all pinned in this channel
for future reference
we can just recast the games from today

wait, should we get some people from not in our games to cast

I'll join 😄
Back when I could play Viego xd

@Jar is blake replacing you in signups

Riot moment

anyone wanna cast with me in like 15-30 minutes

mvp game one : gruer

gruer again

@Noam wanna cast the RS vs MVP series w/ me over the weekend?
i can do saturday
i have series on sunday
saturday should be good for me

i might be too busy tomorrow with work, got a ton of deadlines coming up
maybe @Honan is free to cast?

If I’m back home in time yeah
Chinese New Year, a temple boy has to go back and stick his gyatt out for the rizzler

What time do you expect to be back?

Like 4-5 MST
After that would be good for me if it works for you

Sure, give me a time you wanna start
How about 8 eastern (should be 6 MST unless I'm dumb)

yeah your right
sure then, ill start to get things set up
RS/MVP right, do i need the replays or is dean streaming it

i sent replays to jacob
I'm out rn but I can send them to you when I get back if you want to steam
im more so askin who's streamin
but yeah if you want me to, sounds good to me
I don't actually know how to watch back other's matches from the files
I'm sure I can figure it out quickly tho
If you want to do you definitely can, I will if you don't want to tho
ive never done it before, i was boutta look it up
Def look it up for the both of us
Method 1: Try dragging and dropping the Replay file you wish to open onto the .exe of League located in the latest version of the following folder:  C:\Riot Games\League of Legends\RADS\solutions\lol_game_client_sln\releases\0.0.1.152\deploy  Make sure it's the "newest" folder as versions change per patch.  Method 2: if dragging and dropping doesn't work, the even more manual way is below:  Locate the .rofl in C:\Users\MrBurnaby\Documents\League of Legends\Replays  Select the .rofl you want to open from step 1 and hit 'ctrl+c' (copy) [ This should copy something like the following to your clipboard C:\Users\MrBurnaby\Documents\League of Legends\Replays\NA1-2247576397.rofl ]  Navigate to the most recent deploy of the build where the rofl was captured (e.g. C:\Riot Games\League of Legends\RADS\solutions\lol_game_client_sln\releases\0.0.1.152\deploy  Find the LoL application and create a shortcut  Right-click the shortcut, select properties, then paste the copied rofl to the end of the target name (e.g. C:\Riot Games\League of Legends\RADS\solutions\lol_game_client_sln\releases\0.0.1.152\deploy\League of Legends.exe" "C:\Users\MrBurnaby\Documents\League of Legends\Replays")  Apply and OK  Double click the LoL shortcut to launch the replay!
-riot mrburnaby
TLDR just create a shortcut to the league executable and drag replay files onto it
There’s also other tools online that make it easier but they aren’t super consistently maintained so try at your own risk tm
Replaybook is one of them I’ve used

@Honan do you want to steam or do you want me to?
you stream
uwu

It's not working for me, dragging the files into the shortcut just opens the riot client up
Nvm I got it I think
Took a while to load but it loaded eventually so we should be good
ight, ty ty

I have everything set up to stream!
im reade

How deep is the casting backlog now?
I’ll be able to cast Thursday night so that’s why I’m askin
Mtb and spc needs to be recorded but everything else is able to be uploaded
I’m not sure which YouTube vods have a cast or a partial cast or not I wasn’t keeping track
good to know OuO

@Jacob @Honan mvps for mvp rs ?
Uhh
We talked about it on the cast
I forgor
You said valor game 2 and Julian game 3 but didn’t say for game 1 from what I could find
Xerath or Smolder?
(Or me I had the most kp on renata)
Smolder game 1 I'm pretty sure
We talked about it in the middle of game two lol
Thomas w lfg
Booo
Joel dies once in 40+ minutes and gets robbed
Thomas had some insane positioning in multiple teamfights

is stream bug fixed?
Is spectator bug fix?
I believe so
no spectator tonight right>
?
if i was more cognisant there was a game tonight, then there would have been
that's my bad tho, ill get em next time
i can say, if dean doesn't stream it, ill try and use replays to stream it

any casters?
I can try!
But I can’t commentate
Actually my wifi is gigashit so maybe not a good idea
played too many arams and now my head feels like epxloding, don't think i can

@Honan you should cast :smodge:
BROTHER
kekw

so i stream specters tomorrow
the spec vs RS
I think the bug is fixed
i know i just
already played a series today so my throat is dead

I just meant hopefully It works tomorrow lmao

we shall see
btw off topic a bit but who wanna cast today

@Arnye you still down to cast with me and honan?
Yeah I can!
:D
just get the entire andromeda roster to cast lmao

Stream title is updated

@Gruer @Arnye you guys can get on whenever, i plan on chilling for a bit while stuff gets sent to me for assets and stuff

dean get in here we wanna interrogate you
you want anyone else
he said he has a headache
lets start with you
I’m also on shit mic quality lmaooo

rip
ty arnye and gruer with the casting  {Reactions} deanpog (2)  [2024/02/19 午後 09:58] killiax actually saved me, streaming is a struggle
@Honan did yall do mvps
yeah, it was drago game one and thomas two
unless anyone wants to contest me, i felt like we didn't discuss game two so much as collectively agreed on it
also if anyone wants to stream or cast any games go ahead they'll be better then this one-
also 🙏 get better dean
Nah honan banger stream as always

Thanks for streaming Honan, happy to help. Those MVP selections are cast approved 👍🏻  {Reactions} 🥺  [2024/02/19 午後 11:05] blackrazor_s2 hopefully I will be able to make a return to casting within the next week or 2

I’m going to record spc vs mvp before I go home today, we need to get mtb vs m31 and spc vs m31 recorded before the patch rolls over tonight. They can either be streamed or recorded. If anyone is able to help it would be greatly appreciated I’m not sure if I’ll be able to do another game tonight
Honan and sarv have game files for spc m31 if anyone wants to do that one and needs files
replace spc m31 with spc mtb my bad

ight, ill be streaming M31 vs MTB, probably in about a half hour
anyone wanna help with that ]

WAIT HONAN
IM COMING
IF ITS NOT TOO LATE

oh you can join whenever
did game one, you can join for game two
COOL
I just ate breakfast
sweet
Let me load up
🔫  get in

MVPs for MTB vs M31   Game 1: Gruer  Game 2: DrDadd  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2024/02/21 午前 02:23] arnye MVPs also for SPC vs Rift Sharks Game 1: Drago Game 2: Thomas  {Reactions} 🙏  [2024/03/01 午後 07:11] killiax ok so, hypothetically

if i stream andromeda vs MVP tomorrow
who wants to cast it
because after my oral exams, the last thing i wanna do is talk

@Dean you wanna solo casts?
i dont mind
up to you
ah dont hit me with that
Dean Hidiri duo cast while I do power EC HW yes please 😋
im down
ill crash in a sec
or wait do u have to drag me @Dean
cause its 1/1
no you can just click in
its says its full
i tried to click in
try again
(you didn't have caster role)

ah

Hidiri super quiet btw
cant do anythign abt it
part of it is him dcing
but i have him turned up to 200
@Hidiri fix mic pls :isforme:
ill try

@Casters anyone able to stream tns game?

nope :3

i can cocast but cant stream it

any streamers for friday (my last showing before I go study abroad for half a year)

If we don’t have a game at the same time he’s
Yes

Yippee:D
i can cocast but i cant run stream itself
tho hearing myself back on the vod was
Bot#8380 bork sunfire on others and steraks

dean can stream for you on his twitch
:clueless:

wait why does meta busters have @Jar  jungle
wait this whole thing is cooked
whatev ill fix it
what are you talking about?
alr im basically ready to cast
lets go
rosters are not in yet
this is what im talking about
they dont save from last game>/
they will be in by the time game starts
ok ok
nah lol
would likely result in people just forgetting to update them
The player assets I need for draft, then later the champ assets are for in game right?
champ assets are just for like, post draft
the player assets includes the game border
you can ignore the champ assets if you want
oh really?
i mean ill do it
its no prob
btw would someone whos in the second game and/or someone in the first game make sure everythings good
OH I DONT HAVE STREAM KEY OR WHATEV
@Dean could u be a goat and walk me through that rq
im getting that for u rn yeah

@Dean rosters still wrong
halp
load the roster tool again
like use the website link
wdym
use that
should be correct
what team is blu
just open asset creator
and dont change anything
the team on the left
they should already be set for you
wait help
how do i stream draft
like refresh the champs
copy the spectate link from draft links
double click the draft source
and paste the new url
oh yeah mb

hypothetically if i were to stream a game or two anyone wanna cast it

:nodean:

Schedule permitting, I'll try to cast MB MVP
hopefully we can get playoffs streamed

I can help!

i cannot help :smodge:
@Honan @Cam @Jacob any of you free saturday night?
Unfortunately no

Same, look at us having plans on Saturday 💅

sure ill stream em
🐐

@Honan u want me on cast w you?

Damn I’m a bit late
Yeah, ill be on on 5
games at 8 right?
when do u want me to join u
before stream
about 10 minutes before the game starts
im setting up a couple of things for obs
got it

@Honan Bo3 for all except grand finals
honestly it's like you didn't watch the pod smh
i didn't i was busy preparing for the stream
xd
but ty ty

@Honan SWITCH SCENE

@Noam !
can u cast monday
:isforme:
theyre slandering you
they say you never cast
(ik ur prob busy w school up to you)
i probably can
they not wrong
MVPS G1 : Touchini G2 : Valor G3 : Joey
damn u stiffed stav
same for me but stav game 3

Game MVPs as of this series don't count towards season award I believe  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2024/03/30 午後 11:19] hidiri noted
yeah im not gonna enter them but its still hype to know lol
just send in season disc or smth

we should have someone stream our series
i think a playoff series being uncasted is criminal
you just hate noam LMAO
its joever
i just hate noam im biased im an anti and i deserve the bronze bull
nah i just forgored, you have to understand
i was popping off for three games straight my brain hurts
i am a hazard

@Cam @Noam @Honan streamer for tn?

i mean if no one else will xd
Bot#8380 clearing!!! 👹

do you need a replacement for mason

@Honan 4 people casting at once is really hard to follow
Even 3 is hard

We were planning to do me honan gruer and me but apari kinda came in unannounced. If it's a problem then we can change it up after the first game.
You'd want to let us know now, otherwise we'll keep going

I got the cast for Sunday

Are you going to cast the greatest plat adc to ever hit to rift
Somehow my day to day ranked view gets worse over time

I’ll make sure to call you dogwater on stream dw

@Dean do you have a co?
Not that I’m aware of
You do now!

Have to put on a good show for my boys 🙏🙏

teddy pretending he's playing is so funny
..

My ass thought the game was 7
I was about to take a shower
Oops
stinkyyy

@Jacob maybe its working?
nope nvm

@Dean you coming?
Bot#8380 oh my peen :poggersfish :) but had it  {Reactions} missing (3) 😼  [2024/04/07 午後 07:45] jeandones i didnt get inv
are yall all on teams
i need room to join
@Noam
you're not online
someone else invite me
im online
we have room im in spec
riot client sucks

any caster for friday?
if not, ill do it
i just hope im not hogging all the casts...

I can
Whichever is easiest

Does the spectate feature work xdddd
To a degree

have we determined what breaks it yet?
I think it’s just random
Pausing definitely doesn’t help but it can work if there’s a pause and it can break without one
Time to POV stream

@Honan are u solo casting
if dean doesn't
but sounds like he wants?
then thats chill

I will be able to stream but not right at 8
I’m down to do with anyone

lmfao
did the spectate n=break agai
n

of course

anyone casting with dean?
me
true
@Dean wheres the pre game interview

ive consumed enough red 40 to kill a horse
LETS GOO

i don't think a charged lemonade will get you through
good luck
Honan
I sent that over a month ago
dean buddy one of those replay files is like
double the size of the rest of them for the bildgewater tourney
you're gonna need more red 40
or like
alcohol xdd
I can drunk cast if we’re feeling it
It is bilgewater after all
y
yeeee

erm
i might cast
idk literally anything that happened so id be completely blind

Let’s gooo

@Taxi trying to get it up rn

i just got done eating u still need me
or am i too late
yeah whenever u can get on

@Taxi look illaoi items
\:)

double is 6
still

@Taxi im on when u r

:peek:

were we ghonna cast today or
idk the plan
Smth came up
Hold on
We are going to trying to figure out when
@Taxi can we do 8:55??
Sorry

are we testing playback functionality today

@Honan your title is wrog
on stream
i can't change that
oh understandbal

@Casters can anyone grab that mtb and m31 game? I’ll be getting back into town right as it ends unfortunately

:Stare:

Me and honan cast from the game?

Did anyone get it @Dean
If it goes to 11 I may have to tag out but I doubt it
I haven’t heard anything not in this chat
If we can’t find someone who can for sure do until 11 let’s have u do it

Does draft work with the new draft website or do I just have to share my screen
Draftlol is theoretically working rn
also
im a bit stupid
I thought game was today 😭
I can still do sunday possiblyyyyyy
I can probably join

ight
ill suggest
getting florb to cast the game, and grab him a cocaster

@Noam @Will one of you got tonight’s game covered??
Or both
I’ll try to update the stream title
Bot#8380 this. a lot of room to open beta in the end of legends has built in that caused rengar to be in the void stacks, hongyu (july 21, when future of legends was used at her get excited! we believe the game's rpg spin-based o
Yea I probably can

🙏

Amazing u da best

8 right?
I may be able to make an appearance
Stream title fixed

I can help cast with @Noam

@Kathy @Noam if you need me lmk
i may not be as helpful as you are in casting so if u wanted to hop on feel free lol
youre doing fine
just say words lmao
ill hop in if it goes to 3 but yall are doing great

Game 1 MVP Lythi Game 2 MVP Bean
thank you guys for casting ❤️
\<3
@Kathy first cast!

hopefully we got more gasters
streamers aren't a huge issues but if we don't have people to cast that could be an issue
also hopefully my stream works this time
casters
but if can get gaster to cast that would be funny

🫡

we've really been getting some mileage out of the bilgewater assets LMAO
oops
my bad gang @Honan @Noam
it's okay xd
Bot#8380 - spinning axe
spinning axe.
spinning axe
i have one complaint about halal meat
only one
my bacon and eggs :EZREALrage:
cant taste the tears
oh
nah i still taste the tears
it's just children instead of animal
:PFFFTTTOOO:
turkey bacon is halal!
Bot#8380 2020.[1 billion in media related to the original on increasing his flash was in range if you agree to stream korean league of legends beginner's r vo to ensure no resource cost decreased.

@Noam pls used the pinned playlist the artists featured on the worlds songs own partial rights to those sounds so they get us flagged on YouTube :(
Also how tf did you get borat to show up on the cast the fuck

what
i did use  the pinned one

Wait Dean your back right
You wanna cast or am I playing balatro for half an hour on stream
dean will cast while he's playing real?
honan be aware challenge impossible

@Honan cast tn :isforme: ?
ill try
my computer has been uuuh
..funky
but last season it wasn't too bad so we'll see
Any other @Casters able to?
9pm tonight
oh also another thing, were gonna need to organize a caster for M31 vs RS
You have to be trolling at this point right
Wait no that’s a Legit question
Who besides me u and Honan casts xd
Ohhhh I can read xd
Lmk if u need anything I will set up stream title
No he has a point I'm the one trolling
Honans got it covered fs
I’m here bringing the scuffed af analysis
He’s got more color than I can handle
Noam got cursed with the scrims reading comp
Honans not sure if he’s able to stream from his pc, would you be able to if he can’t?
Yes
Ok cool.
Ping me if you need anything
It’s been a while so I forget a lot of it but I can watch set up stuff and all
Heard
i can help with set up and stuff
i got florb in casting condition in a half hour for sign up scrims test cast

Generally stav or/and i can cast those
🙏
EMERGENCY EMERGENCY
i just got on my pc i need coaching stat
@Honan

robbed of my dragon steal reaction bc of manual camera on cast Sadge

Tragic
@Jacob @Stav @Psycho Carrot who got tmrws game?

I should be able to cast, but I cannot stream
kk

I should be able to run the stream if signups don’t run

not me i think
if needed ping me

I can cast/ stream I think
Almost certainly I'll be back from the climbing gym by then

yippee
goat caster

@Dean why is default androm from 2 seasons ago?
ive been meaning to hook them up to the roster json file but
i just havent updated them

Any casters :isforme:
jacob is allegedly
@Jacob
?
Can someone announce?
you can!
youre admin!
i'm busy!

@Dean @Jacob dean audio is shit quality
literally can't hear him on stream
Sorry for scuff
Discord decided to come out of monitor
ur good
we could hear you thats what matters
thanks for the cast!@
really appreciate it
ofc!
i'm planning on making a big casting comeback this season
like the old days
yipee!!
hell yeah

Garrett and I got the cast  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2024/08/21 午前 11:28] jeandones @Jacob @Stav are y’all able to cast Thursday?

Yeah I should be good
Just like last time I might be cutting it close w/ climbing but it worked last time xd

Kk

@Casters is there anyone to cast with me or am I solo?
i wasnt sure if stav could
Apparently not
i can  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/08/22 午後 07:18] superspacetuna I really don’t want to cast tonight but if no one else is available I can for game 2 and 3 if there is a game 3
Bet
ok change of plans i cannot
@Jacob
Ah
I am fine doing it alone I would just certainly appreciate company if anyone's free
only reason im not streaming is so our team can practice so me and noam are occupado unfortunately
Yeah that's totally valid

@Jar @Jacob @Stav @Honan any casters for tn??

Uhhh I can   ============================================================== Guild: Scrim Zone Channel: Text Channels / esports Topic: This channel is the only channel that should be used to discuss games from professional League of Legends ==============================================================  [2021/05/05 午後 07:56] jeandones Tracking stats: Rumble Presence: n/a Diana Mid picked: no Mad Lions record: 0-0 Highest ranked western teams: Group Stage Renekton blind picks: 0 C9 group record vs Damwon: 0 - 0

bro c9 will come out ahead of dwg kia in their group
thats my hot take
according to midbeasts stream showmaker loses if he doesnt play sylas

ill be in call from now until msi starts if anyone wants to join
spectating pros warmups for today lol
Survey Results for predictions:
Rumble >= 80% presence - 57.1%
Diana mid picked - 64.3%
Mad Lions wins group B - 50%
Western Team makes it to finals - 21.4%
Renekton Blind Picked 5+ time - 50%
C9 takes a game off of DWG - 57.1%

Damwons comp is just POV you will never move
lmao
so true
bro c9 has the better comp copium
:copium:
pause in game 1 poggers

c9's gonna win :copium:

Tracking stats: ||Rumble Presence: 100% Diana Mid picked: no Mad Lions record: 0-0 Highest ranked western teams: Group Stage Renekton blind picks: 0 C9 group record vs Damwon: 0 - 1||
Wadid - "Team diff"

WE GOTT ONE BGOISSSS
BLIND RENEKTTT
I saw that
sadge
leave it to ljl lmao
this is such a shitter draft omega
rell makes it through 2nd bans lol
@Jar THEY PICKED HECARIM
WHAT THE FUCK
champ is literal dog holy hell
triforce maybe?!?!
hecarim udyr on patch 11.9
gross
Think I’m gonna opt out of watching that one
Zzz
10 PATCHES BEHIND KEKW 10 PATCHES BEHIND KEKW 10 PATCHES BEHIND KEKW 10 PATCHES BEHIND KEKW 10 PATCHES BEHIND KEKW 10 PATCHES BEHIND KEKW 10 PATCHES BEHIND KEKW 10 PATCHES BEHIND KEKW 10 PATCHES BEHIND KEKW
thanks twitch chat
Renekton V Gnar and Hec v Udyr
Imma fall asleep
coach forgot to read patch notes KEKW
so good
bro they flexed the renek
akali v gnar and renek v sylas
worth watching !
bro good thing i went to lay down wtf did i just read
!!!!
It’s sleeper
wheres my time machine bro
renek got solo killed at 2:40
travel back to 11.6 when that was a good draft
hahha
ok lowkey
i think infinity has the better draft
legit just cuz udyr is infinitely better than hec now
well they are outplaying also so
yo yall see c9's cannon minion in the top lane?
c9 won game 1 :copium:
they're literally a good team but fudge is so fuckin bad holy
c9 won draft :copium:
did not land any barrels because he just gets 1 v 1ed by the gnar before every fight
Wadid - "Team diff"
wait is malphite good into gnar
yes
his worst matchup besides ire
i saw ls tweeting about picking malph or gp
they sinned by picking the wrong champ of the 2
lol
maybe malphite was the play
khan just smurfing holy
insane insane
bro this hec is building lucidity boots too zzzzz
def
top diffy
i want to see damage charts
i truly think fudge did literally nothing that game
hes gonna do damage cuz of gp r
bro hes building tank hec
actual sinner
zzzZZZzZZZ
snake finishes crab over helping his bot
truly a chad move
lmao LS is fuming rn
as he should be
i mean i think he has his head up his ass anyways but
+1
i like how 4 champs he put in his do not play list have already been played XD
wait which 4?
lmao wait both ad carries this game he put in his do not play list
jhin
renek
kaisa
nah
xayah
hecarim?
he says kai sai xayah hec
and kindred from last game
KINDRED IS DO NOT PLAY??!?!?!!
shes busted rn
wtr
nah all the junglers say kindred is bad
but its for c9 comp
w/ tk
oh u know what
5 champs
he put jhin in it too
lmao
yeye
is udyr c tier?
no udyrs pretty good
Wait he put kindred in z tier
not busted anymore but
uh i must be tripping then
i swear selfmade said kindred is bad
but yea ur right
i looked at it again
i think alot of junglers think shes good
she got like
double buffed
the champ got buffed like 6 times in arow
^
she feels so good to play rn
as a kindred player
cringe bro
kindred players
m7 tm
oh yea selfmade did call kindred a dogshit champion
when
i mean shes always gonna be decent cuz of ult
like yesterday lol
™
and i think kindred is good pick there for comp
if they draft engage top
then the kindred pick is decent
m
a
but all their lanes have low pressure
l
p
h
i
t
e
except bot
xd
this infinity game is giga resident sleeper
how is evi even in lane when playing renek into sylas
0-3 gnar ™️
or not evi
aria
well
he did die at 2:40
but
hes up 20 cs now !
heal cut diffy
he should still be kicking this sylas up and down the lane lmao
yeah i have no clue man
both drafts are pretty sinner, but if gillette lose this game they are clowns
if it was ceras he would be smoggin
well gillette and dfm are both clowns anyway
> hecarim
> udyr
maybe they are saving picks
🙂
true :copium:
hecarim is still playable
:copium:
also r we scrimming friday is that happening
yeah ill post
hold on
noice
cody popping off yoooo
hecarim is still playable :copium:
tbh
if dfm really cant play any other junglers
cody - "id like to thank my sponsor, tiktok"
the play of banning morg rumble and fping udyr is ok
i guess yeah
that was
horrid to watch tho
like
after 11.9 as a jungler you have to learn something new
like
its literally your job
youre getting paid
to jungle
diana could have won them that game
pentanet have a chance :copium:

Tracking stats: ||Rumble Presence: 100% Diana Mid picked: no Mad Lions record: 0-0 Highest ranked western teams: Group Stage Renekton blind picks: 1 C9 group record vs Damwon: 0 - 1||
FIUDDLE SKTICK
FIDDLESTICKS YOOOOOOOO
this is the hypest game yet
we got the gentlemen'd rumble for lee sin trade

smh should've been TES
TES got robbed
that 5th game against RNG was so tilting
You’re saying that like fpx wouldnt have clapped tes’ asses
idk it'd be close for sure
Fpx only had a bad regular season record b/c tian had some mental health stuff going on so they were playing with a 4/5 roster
Fpx looked so good during lpl playoffs
i mean TES had a bad season record too because they inted during the first 3 wks
and they looked good in playoffs too
True
2-2 against RNG
FPX only got one game off them in the finals
too close to say
Fpx also beat rng in semis
Lol
and RNG won the last game with the cheesiest end
and then proceeded to lose in finals
I mean I subscribe to the “league playoffs format is dumb”
Idea
There’s no bracket reset
So the team in losers gets an entire extra series with the late stage playoffs meta
Idk I wish they just let 3 lpl teams come to msi
Or actually just
5
Throw in edg and ig for fun
I’m so hype for worlds :0
Geng international will be hype
Ruler is 👀👀👀
i just like watching tes play
big karsa fan
Me too
karsa and uzi rly so unlucky
But I’m a bigger fan of nuguri
And doinb
And tian
Rng is also so fucking good
Rng vs dwg finals will be fun ™️
i dont rly know any of the players tbh except for xiaohu
and ming
I was gonna say
Ming has been there forever
ming is alwyas kind of just there tho
i bet uzi flames him xD
Haha
Idk I like watching gala play
He’s so mechanically clean
he's p good i like jackeylove better though
CRYIN‘ s champ pool is also just super fun
Admit it, you just think JL is hot
TRUE
HE IS
VERY ATTRACTIVE
SO IS KARSA
+1
+2
-1 for being a draven streamer though xd
Hahaha
At least they have a better support this year
i like jackeylove's philosophy
not a kda player
No offense yuyanja
369 is super cool
100% Quinn wr
But I like nuguri better
Idk I think top is so cool but it’s hard to like outmatch fpx in terms of entertainment value imo
nahhh tes more entertaining
jackeylove flashing into enemy team?
knight 1 v 5?
also yeah 369 is the only player that can play quinn top
TES vs DWG?
ok
you can say that
but
dwg vs dwg's top laner
would be more epic
khan canyon showmaker ghost beryl vs nuguri tian doinb lwx crisp :)
why though they're two totally different players
khan plays weakside
right but
ur just gonna see sion vs whatever carry hamp nuguri chooses lol
can nuguri 1v9 vs his old team ?
lmao
i think thats cool to see
tru
storyline matchup
im ready for all the random bullshit UoL is gonna pull in draft
leaving rumble up is a smart decision :copium:

ROBOT CASTERS LESSS GOOOO
rumble is "underperforming" this game but i think its just nomanz playing really well to counter it

Another banger quote from wadid
“I’m a big fan of brtt so I just want to see him popping off like my big daddy”
I whole heartedly agree

Psg is better than mad:copium:
mads honestly looking so much better than they were in lec finals
tbh
get in call
?
mad for finals ?!

@An @Jar @Peter @Stanley yall fuckin with msi?

b1 gnar
wild
bruh

what is that range
wtf
thats way too long
its a ground targeted ability not directional
so
if sylas like
flashes after casting it the ending location doesnt change
so it can look really long or really short
Tracking stats: ||Rumble Presence: 100% Diana Mid picked: no Mad Lions record: 1-0 Highest ranked western teams: Group Stage Renekton blind picks: 1 C9 group record vs Damwon: 0 - 1 ||

YOOOO
TIME TO TROLL
They picked the troll
Big
Xiaohu irelia please
Dammit

Rng just playing solo q
This is embarrassing to watch
Not as soloq as the rage split from last game
Lmfao I think they just gave up idk if they were raging
MSI is honestly horrendous for smaller regions
You're just entertainment for everyone else
Kind of a feels bad
I would dread going to msi
Yeah there’s no play ins :)
Me too

Wha?!
They pickin the graves?!

20k gold lead by rng
what is this
wait they got a perfect game LMAO
not a perfect game if uol gets 3 kills :)
o true
ghost is uh
scary
3/0/0 varus at like 7 mins
anyone know what dodging does now
like how much do u lose
dunno
i think they just increased the time
not as much the lp deficit
lol ghost is apparently one of the worst ad carries in lck
but good for damwon cuz they don't give him resources anyway
when are we gonna get lux in esports :angery:
when she gets reworked
or when caitlyn is meta
justice for egirl supports in esports
i mean
lulu gets played
i wanna see a mf lulu
but like
w her star guardian skins
or a soraka
the issue isnt that shes an egirl champ its that artillery mages are unplayable in a pro environment
:sadbug:
just become an alistar enjoyer not that hard ™️
the day i pick up alistar is the day i delete league
the day i pick up <insert fun champion here> is the day i delete league
true
the day i *stop hating myself* is the day i delete league

if I had to pick a bot comp i would vomit at, that's def close to the top
I just..
I can't with those 2
my favorite support!
egirl supports >

Tracking stats: ||Rumble Presence: 100% Diana Mid picked: no Mad Lions record: 2-0 Highest ranked western teams: Group Stage Renekton blind picks: 1 C9 group record vs Damwon: 0 - 1 ||

Na
NA
NA
horse ??????
w morg open ???
Wait I know why
NA team tried to execute the nidalee jayce comp lmfao
NA cannot play this comp
I leave for 5 minutes and they lock in hecarim?
Goddammit
karma top.....
wait whats wrong with karma top?
nothing really but it doesn’t seem to vibe w the em test of their team
it enables the hecarim and the trist and can potentially help facilitate a 1/3/1
and it neutralizes the gnar
i like it here ngl
ah
you need to take whatever i say w a grain of salt i have no idea what the fuck esports meta is
karma just presses e on hecarim and he goes brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
very epic !
zoomies !

I just witnessed a violation

hmm
I cant find the right gif
like there are some that work, but they arent JUUUST right
eh thisll have to do

bruh
this isnt even fun anymore
its like watching a baby seal get clubbed to death

HUH
DFM secret pog?
they're ahead against damwon? LOL
i swear it wouldbe so funny if the popped off and made it instead of c9
damn aria is smurfing
holy moley
ah sad
they lost
dk comp scales too hard
awe that was super upsetting
they were so fuckin close
hard to close that game from DFM

another renek blind today lol

another one
lol
Tracking stats: ||Rumble Presence: 100% Diana Mid picked: no Mad Lions record: 3-0 Highest ranked western teams: Group Stage Renekton blind picks: 3 C9 group record vs Damwon: 0 - 1 ||

if anyone wants to watch with me just ping me
ill be watfching live
Tracking stats: ||Rumble Presence: 100% Diana Mid picked: no Mad Lions record: 3-0 Highest ranked western teams: Group Stage Renekton blind picks: 4 C9 group record vs Damwon: 0 - 1 ||

Well that’s 5!
Tracking stats: ||Rumble Presence: 100% Diana Mid picked: no Mad Lions record: 3-0 Highest ranked western teams: Group Stage Renekton blind picks: 5 C9 group record vs Damwon: 0 - 1 ||
Maybe I will
Might get breakfast first
Hype!

15 mins @Dean
Big! I’ll be in call

@Ezra  you still getting on?
Yeah
Stomach hurt
damn hate to hear it
take ur time

ZEDDDD
YO ITS FUCKING ZED
INTERNATIONAL ZED

rumble again :ResidentSleeper:

Unfortunately Erik O, Erik Y, Iris, Daev, Peter, Hongbaabaa, and Jar are out of the running for the prediction competition.
This is due to renekton being blind picked 5 or more times :)  {Reactions} 😭  [2021/05/09 午後 02:21] jeandones The 7 remaining are  Dean, Dan, Cam, Stanley, Mimi, Blake and Sean

lmfao
they put xiaohu back on mid just to troll
why didnt xiaohu pop off like this when uzi was on the team q_
q_q
true
~~doinb~~ xiaohu ryze hack
this is just bullying?

yes

i don't mess around when it comes 2 free skins
now if only yall had to same energy when it came to my emote competition :angery:

i have seen nothing from msi but blaber inting
ive seen multiple clips of blaber inting and nothing else from the tournament

Tracking stats: ||Rumble Presence: 100% Diana Mid picked: no Mad Lions record: 5-1, Won their group Highest ranked western teams: Rumble Stage Renekton blind picks: 7 C9 group record vs Damwon: 0 - 1 ||

once again ill be watching so
shoot me a ping
if you wanna join

||@Sean @Stanley you are the only 2 remaining in contention after mad lions won group||
||if c9 closes out this game youre both out too||
||yeah its not worth doing stats anymore everyone lost predicts||
:sadbug:

@Ezra i was muted
fuck
i was talking
lmao
i pulled a you!
Lol
Unicornically I think damwon is not that good
These matches seem too close tbh
i thikn its called they do a little trollin
also they cleaned house in 3 games in a row
i think 1 game out of  4 is not a strong pointmaking game
lets see how the next 2 go

The last game they played was definately not clean house lol
Like the one before c9
everyone lost
really
wait
did c9 actually take a game off dwg
That’s what I’m sayin!
wtf
shoemaker
C9 is good
:copium:
Fudge smurfed on lee I must give it to him.
i'm gonna have to disagree with you on that one hongbaba
He can play more than sion!
c9 is not that good
Lol nah I think c9 is quite good
And I hate NA
I wanted nothing more than to see c9 not make the rumble stafesb
Ah so ur a perkz stan
I would've been so happy
Not at all
I just think collectively c9 not bad
liquid is better
Also Vulcan hard smurfed that game
Jensen is kinda not good rn
And tactical XD
yeah
but they have the best support in the history of lol
Uhh
he would have picked brand and 1v9ed every game in msi
LMAO Sean’s brain is too big for us to understand
Truly a migraine Duffy
Diffy

that c9 v dwg game was crazy good
!
wha tf
i love this draft so much

is that a yas pick in pro play

Yes

Rng Pog

Wow galas mechanics are so beautiful

Finally c9 realized the way to win is just to put fudge on a meatball champion XD
So true
This game is intense !
Holy shit
YOOOO WTF ITS LOSER SEMIS ALL OVER AGAIN
Y heart is pounding
Lmfaooooooooo
RNG can't keep getting away with thisssssss
Gg rng that was so close damn
Wp by c9
That teamfight was insane
Fr tho
It really was
Damn that was a hype ass game
Way better than the damwon
C9 just our fudge on malphite XD
Or sion
Also I will say I thought Lee sin lane took skill but apparently it's the easiest shit ever
I guess there's still mechanics and stuff but I tried it the other day and e max/ goredrinker is pretty fuckin dumb
Watching the udyr run around canceling backs was so crazy
Also I low-key think zven griefed it there he literally knocked the udyr into one of his backing teammates

yo c9 smurfing on pentanet the best team at msi

Xd
Good guy RNG dropping a game to PSG though
It's actually rly hard for c9 to win now
Or like make it past the rumble
They have to win 2/3 games against RNG/DK/MAD
They can probably do it tbh but I want psg > c9 :p

Valid
Psg turbosmurfing on rng
Or maybe rng just forgot their hand warmers at home
One of the 2

hm
beryl keeps getting caught lol
not just this game but every game i see him play
c9 dk pretty hype actually
ngl can't even meme on c9 they played rly well
Do y'all believe in miracles
Play off perkz copium

Nope

How fucking good is gala holy

This is a strange table
Percentages don’t add up to 400%
I guess ties?

no i think its saying teams in top 4
so there are 4 slots
or 400%

right, but these dont
equal 400
its like
386 or something
Nah it’s just
Out of the 4096 possibilities
How many times are each team in a the top 4

but only if the team is indisputably in, ties arent counted? that would explain the missing percents
It’s out of 100%
So 99.5% of the time RNG make it out of Rumble
And 5.9% of the time C9 makes it out
yes but it should add up to 400% if its done that way
i think the missing % is just in case of ties
bc if its only 4096 possibilities ties arent played out
bcthe ties would be conditional so the num of possibilities wouldnt be a power of 2

C9 can still make it copium
:copium:

rip na
elyoya rumble = cracked ?!
Bye NA
XD
U love to see it
pcs new major region"?!

Get swordart back on fw
Amd karsa ;(

PCS is truly new major region
Imagine being c9 rn
PSG too pog

WE STAN PSG LADS
NUMBER 1 MAPLE STAN REPORTING IN

It'd be cool for PSG to win but I think lPl deserves a fourth spot worlds

BRO WE STAN MAPLE LADS
LETS FUCKING GOOOO

We believe in the lions or what lads

Bro showmaker is down HORRENDOUS

nvm mad choke lmaoo
showmaker activated fucking mirror force dude
refuse to lose

i was like
really upset at how they were doin
i go to pee
and they get an ace and end through mid
then win the series
but i believed the whole time :)

Jeez
3-2
What a brawl

unbench the kench :pog:

RNGGGGGG
RNGG
TES at worlds now?
:P

What a letdown :( game 5 was disappointing for me as a damwon fan
I thought they were gonna pop off with the draft
But nah

Rng too good :p
Damwon rly does not look that good this season
Is LCK just that bad? Lol
Yes

GenG and HLE is so talented tho
technically T1 too
ig the teamplay is just bad

ngl
i think rng had the better draft in that last game
dont think thats a hot take haha

I didn’t say they didn’t
I just think dwg had “outplay potential”

any wagers on tl vs tsm
tsm win
kekw
idk why ppl are power ranking tsm behind 100T
briging abbedage isn't gonna change anything imo

i think it will
he was a pretty solid eu mid

bro this draft from tsm is actually savant af
viego counter is pretty good into sylas lmaoo

yo tactical is smurfing in pisslow
that was a banger game lmao
i think santorin griefed his build
but it is what it s
also no heal cut vs tsm team is very weird champ
c9 omegalul

GG showmaker on Zoe
FACTS LMFAO
fucking draft utopia from 100t

abbedage is gonna fix the team copium

lol did 100t lose
yea
lmao
against IMT too
thats just embaressing
like I said
100t is overhyped
wait imt played super wel
their issue was hardly with mid its just their playstyle is bad
i think the playstyle was fine,maybe a few itemization issues
i think if you go ap on the udyr with the karma, the game is protentially different
it was a major hands diff from imt]
they executed their comp so well

Lol rip alphari?

fly using xin as a counterpick to rumble is huge

sike dig has better hands

I saw that it’s so fuckin g funny

didnt dardoch type XD in all chat too

yes lmfao
i

Lol showmaker ad

Fucking madman lmai

how fucking bad is tsm
wait i tak ethat bad ziggs is just broken  {Reactions} 👀  [2021/06/18 午後 09:03] hongbaabaa what is htat 1200 dmg ult on baron

yuuummmiiiii
🙂
Dardoch is off the roster b/c he doesn’t own a phone or something
Alphari still has a Nokia
What did he do on Friday?
lmao i think he had an outburst or smthn
They’re gonna keep it private probably

fbi lee sin was interesting
INTeresting
ftfy

they won the game
I saw
Can he save this team

XD
lmao what i thought damonte was a streamer now xddd

Pobelter replaced???

It's tanner time

lets GOOOOOO

they benched zhuo for yuyuanjia wut
he played yuumi -o-
im p sure jackeylove literally just uses yuyuanjia as a safety net and tells him when to save him cuz he only plays like braum/tk/thresh/yuumi
lmao
thats funny af
i should say he's only *allowed* to play those champs
he played so much TK last season
well tk is diffy now
sad :(

tanner time tanner time tanner time

holy shit huni korean jyace

Pog
Did u see trundle mid showmaker the other day?
😮

Watching fly quest vs dignitas and there’s a kindred mid
It’s like the entire lcs crew just like, didn’t watch msi or like isn’t aware of perkz existence
He was spamming that shit for like a month
HES LITERALLY AN LCS MIDLANER
and people wonder why people don’t like the lcs broadcast lol
It’s literally your job to pay attention to this stuff and know these things
Kindred mid is such a fucking cool pick and everyone is like “oh man I don’t know about this one I think it’s kinda troll”
👀
Ugh so cringe tbh
Perkz is a goddamn pioneer and deserves respect even if it’s yasui playing the champ
this should just be posted all of the time
LMFAOOOOOO

TES playoffs miracle run
pls
now that all the shitter teams are gone TES gets a buff xd
lterally like being a TSM fan watching them lose to FLy

@hongbaabaa @Jar I was thinking we could do some sort of like "worlds prediction" thing tonight before playoffs start/during the first day, to just kinda see how right we are as worlds happen
if anyone else wants to get in that would be cool to
but lmk what times work for you, im thinking after 6:30ish is probably best
:t1:

Today?

ye
lcs playoffs and lec playoffs start today right?

😮
I can’t do tonight but I’ll pop em in the chat
LCS: 100T, TSM, c9
LEC: MAD, RGE, G2
Rip church of jizuke
Too coin flip to play a 5 game series
plus EG drafts the same type of comp every single game
they're not gonna survive 5 games
but then again TSM somehow manage to choke no matter what situation they're in
i only put them making worlds cuz they're top 2 seed and they literally only need to win one bo3 to make it
Counter offer: Dig, EG, TL / s
LPL I think FPX/EDG/RNG/ TES
TES is kind of a dream cuz im a TES fan so
but they only have to play good teams in playoffs so they get a buff xd
TES beating EDG 2-0 and then losing against UP
XD
O__O
this is the last season TES will have this lineup so
they better get to worlds at least
knight is probably leaving
F
sad
JKL could've been playing with Ming but hes stuck with YYJ
zhuos pretty ok
wait so
how many teams from each major region go?
lpl 4 lec 3 lcs 3 lck 3?
Yep
is vietnam there this year or?
I’m ready for geng worlds choke
PSG talon
So that’s 14
Also I’m pretty sure LPL fourth seed needs to play in
So still 13 locked
yeye
Doubt LPl fourth seed won’t make groups so
Probably 14 locked
lck gets 4

lck does not deserve 4 xdddd
I’d rather send FNC

my 3 for lcs are eg 100t c9
church of jizuke for LIFE

Jizuke instead of abbedagge on the all pro team???
Like I understand EG lives and dies by jizuke but abbedagge is the most consistent mid laner probably
no abbedagge is a better player than jizuke by far lmao
i think eg lives and dies by danny
but jizuke is a funnier player
this man is a MENACE in all chat
its bc they subbed fakerdagge out for ry0ma this week
if hes #1 all pro why would they sub him out
🧠
oh shit true
my unironic take is that abbedage should get 1st team all pro but jizuke is a better mvp canditate
bc hes, more valuable to his team
oh no
they have the CEO of bot lane

seeeeesh
sheeeesh

Am I watching a solo q game rn
yes

TES pog

perkz still asleep unlucky
nvm its a jungle gap LMFAO
lol c9 is imploding
c9 in summer omegalul

jensen actually smurfed
for once
hes been such a liability this split but he finally looks good
santorin too
finally proving he deserves to be on main roster xd
Based

Okay so I guess I’m not watching worlds XD
LMAO
Whoever drafted that tes comp should be jailed
LMAO
bro why is karsa a voli 1 trikc
He’s not
He plays Diana way more
And last season he picked Lee sin a bunch even tho it wasn’t meta

why did he draft voli first pick every game sir
i didnt watch, please tell me fp voli every game is a joke
nope
:thepain:
they picked it first game 2/3/4
for the record, ithink voli is still pickable
but first pick is a bit sus
yeah voli is like fine
but firstpick
i mean its not like awful its just
why
they left diana up everytime
on last patch clear speed too xd
actually so painful
HOLD UP
DIANA WAS UP AND THEY FP VOLI??????
yes
I ASSUMED DIANA AND VIEGO WOULD HAVE TO BOTH BE BANNED FOR THAT TO HAPPEN
cuz like
no way you fp voli when either of those champs are an option right
viego was banned
*right*
i think so
idk
i think there are some spots where you dont
but eh
well there are times you get voli and not diana
but first pick??
i think gwen was up too 😄
nvm gwen was nerfed
cant read
yea i dont think gwungle is great rn
bro i check gol
why is there 1 game of syndra and lucian jungle
site is just on crack
"lucian jungle" "flash teleport"
Idk maybe their draft plan or smthn

its a decent flewx
i think lng played pretty well tho

embaressing to spend that much money on a team and not even make worlds
knight/karsa/JKL are super expensive players
also i think this is the first year karsa doesnt make worlds
since he started playing or soem shit like that
hes literally always been at worlds w/ FW/RNG/TES
those drafts were all sinner tbh
why was lng drafting olaf
watching TES play makes me not able to go back to sleep so here i am playing a ranked game even tho i said i wasnt gonna play ranked for the rest of the season
xd
always the what if i get +15 lp copium
wow ofc theres a shaco main on the enemy team

lmao jizuke plays so cocky

Church of jizzy boi

yea danny smurfed his ass off

TSM Danny :))

The J I Z Z M A N

But how busted is viego though

perfectly balanced i swear

Fr

TL 3-0 TSM
XD
This message has reminded me it’s probably smart to mute notifications from this channel
Unlucky
Oh it’s only been one game lmao

Lmao
I think if tl plays the way they did in the c9 game, it should be 3-0
having a wife gives you powers for sure  {Reactions} disappointed  [2021/08/18 午前 03:39] jeandones theres a flaw in my prediction thing

lck playoff format is ass
so its impossible to predict

Nvm I forgot they still use gauntlet system

RNG
:confusedcat:

c9 waking up?

Kinda happy fpx smashed lng
Kinda salty at LNG Ngl

so uh
is ornn good again?
or does 100t just like r5ing ornn

lowkey think bork is bait on viego
sunderer plus steraks is so much tankiness plus healing
lowkey think ur mom is bat
got them
.

Tbt to when u were complaining about how the build sucked 18 mins in the game XD
Jk jk

nosneakynoworlds nosneakynoworlds

bro tsm got ocean soul and couldnt end the game xd
i mean look at their comp
what was it again?
theres a renekton and pantheon supp which is all that matters
true LMOA

TSM XD
Hurts to be a fan
No FW rep 😦
Except for maple I guess

lmao the GenG choke in playoffs/worlds is so real

t1 rn :soywick:

closer is a fucking unit LMAO
xd

i dont get why t1 is so set on just drafting the same comp every game in each of the series they play
like theres definitely an upside to it
im just not sure why they stick to it all 5 games even if they are losing
it just kinda feels like the other team just has to figure out how to beat them once and its just over
id be interested to like hear from their coaches what the thought is bc obv theyre a successful team so it works, ive just seen a lot of situations where it doesnt
SOOO glad fpx didnt get 3-0d
ok yeah, even given the result still interested in why they do this with their drafts

How giga fucked is 100T tho
P sure TL has the best chance
GenG choke is real

true
did the groups come out
100t can make it copium
lmao
will we get another 0-6 team this year
that would be funny
c9 makes it to groups then goes 0-6
is more than likely i think
NA looks especially garbage this year methinks
we went from hot garbage to molten garbage
yea
but i live in denial
honestly i think we got better from last yeart
but every other region got like
better to a higher degree

I don’t think so :/
we do a bit of trollin
I put Damwon cuz everyone I root for loses
Also it was so dirty to put TES as the picture for the pick em articles 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️

top more like flop /s
:outplayed:
It’s just funny both how they butcher the terms and how accurate it is

worlds reveal livestream rn apparently

Hmm

actually think its funny as f that the ppl who made the video are on some SERIOUS G2 and TES copium
@hongbaabaa im looking at u
:l
I KNOW
THEY RLY DID JKL AND KNIGHT DIRTY
:D

@here first game of worlds :D

found a picture of chovy
:soywick:

Just checked into the draft
Holy shit
Infinity draft kingdom
Beautiful Lucian nami secure and nutty sylas pick
And they get funky jarvan man

Ale is too crazy
He’s the new bin
Ale Smurfed against TES and that’s honestly the main reason they won
nuguri is the new nuguri
Lol Nuguris looking mediocre this split
hes saving his outplays for worlds finals dw
GP top 🤢
grasp
Oh Chovy lost nice
Chovy vs LNG
why does that make you happy 😔
Bc I think he’s overrates
I think ppl think he’s a god because LS hypes him up
put him on a team with 1 good, not washed player
But that’s only cuz Chovy plays the way LS wants him to
I have never seen chovy carry a game like knight does
i mean carry potential != player skill
completely different playstyle imo
hes a supportive player that has to 1v9
literal nightmare situation
unless deft rolls 2 on a d20
i just want 2019 griffin back
without their top laner playing the diva card
:((
single target amumu ult omega
Why does tryndmere feel like a solo q pick
bc it is one
He gets like 60 cs lead and then does nothing
He was useful but then 25 minutes hit and then he did nothing
he just wanted to play it i think
ego pick
imagine if he gets that 11 cs/m on a control mage or something
damage >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

then its grief to be playing side lane the whole time o-o
We will see how he does on Azir

DFM WIN
Knock c9 out of groups XD

DFM
DFM
DFM
DFMMMMMMMMMMM
DFM, aka ‘Defeated Five Millionaires’, is an LJL team most famously known for beating the North American Wildcard team Cloud9 at Worlds 2021 while earning a fraction of their salaries.

c9 lost to an ljl team????????
how is na so garbage japan doesnt give a single fuck about league

Wait dfm is good tho

> NA is a great gatekeeper. They rarely drop games against lower-level teams, unless it's a very important game required for them to get out of group, then you can bet all your life savings on NA losing against the 0-23 turbo-ape team.

As a Japanese, it was always hard for me to understand American culture. What's fascinating is that they like bragging about their freedom, because I didn't think I had any less freedom. I always thought 'What's the difference?'. After this series I finally understand. NA is just so fucking free.

Lol

yikes
that series was an L
did yall see what happened to the BYG mid laner
they had to use a sub xd
plat player vs chovy lmaoo

was he really plat lmao?
ruining ur career over a catfish lmao
i have no idea but i heard their actual sub mid wasn't flown over?
they lowkey might've put in a coach or manager idek
i can't imagine the actual mid laner having such a cheese mid pool
it was their sub top laner
hence why they were flexing positions
hes like high diamond on the accounts that have decayed so
gotcha makes sense

Welp that’s gonna change my Pickems

100t over skt baby no copium
na can make it copium
perks world buff

@Jar voice
Mason u coming?

Wow i must say im quite shocked gen g beat lng

Y’all are snoozing on gen g

but lng tho
TL WIN

Humanoid hard forcing an L
TL WIN
NA

NA

FNC is playing solo q
but honestly without upset they might as well just coinflip everything xd
It’s honestly so tragic
gala disrespect playing kai sa
playing kai sa is disrespectful rn
shes so bad

TL WIN TL WIN

Why tf are the commentators talking about a sigma grindset
sugma balls

I feel like it’s the same as rascal playing renek, they’re both previous onetricks
DEFT OMEGALUL

YO HANS SAMA IS BREAKING ANKLES

i just know ls shat himself when that happened
If my adc built like this in solo queue I'd flame the shit out of him lmao

Most of mine do

PSG TALON

YO NA COPIUM LADS
TL TL TL

nvm tl cant catch for shit LMAO

@hongbaabaa why cant tl catch that big ass throw lmao
hate it here
bruh i was kinda smodge
I want TL to win 😦
bro i have bet on na
C9 bouta get clapped
c9 better win bro
Nah they got the perks world nerf
wait NA has won 2 games at worlds
thats better than i expected im ngl

its so crazy that DK is like 2k up already lmao

As predicted c9 is the new tsm
its ok 100t wont let me down
:COPIUM:
FBI dead region buff

DK = deez knuts

i stg if dfm win this game

DFM POG
thats unfortunate tho

C9 HOPIUM LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

pentakill!!

fpx lmao

FLY PHEONIX FLY
doinb wanted to go home
FLY PHOENIX FLY PepeLaugh 👉 ✈️ FLY PHOENIX FLY PepeLaugh 👉 ✈️ FLY PHOENIX FLY PepeLaugh 👉 ✈️ FLY PHOENIX FLY PepeLaugh 👉 ✈️ FLY PHOENIX FLY PepeLaugh 👉 ✈️
SECRET DOINB AIRPORT HACK 很多很多絕大部分的 LOSING TO NA AND EU 很多很喜歡得不到FAST RECALL TO CHINA 你的那份軍閥 BETTER THAN PRIME FAKER ?
SECRET DOINB AIRPORT HACK 很多很多絕大部分的 LOSING TO NA AND EU 很多很喜歡得不到FAST RECALL TO CHINA 你的那份軍閥 BETTER THAN PRIME FAKER ?
SECRET DOINB AIRPORT HACK 很多很多絕大部分的 LOSING TO NA AND EU 很多很喜歡得不到FAST RECALL TO CHINA 你的那份軍閥 BETTER THAN PRIME FAKER ?
SECRET DOINB AIRPORT HACK 很多很多絕大部分的 LOSING TO NA AND EU 很多很喜歡得不到FAST RECALL TO CHINA 你的那份軍閥 BETTER THAN PRIME FAKER ?
SECRET DOINB AIRPORT HACK 很多很多絕大部分的 LOSING TO NA AND EU 很多很喜歡得不到FAST RECALL TO CHINA 你的那份軍閥 BETTER THAN PRIME FAKER ?
SECRET DOINB AIRPORT HACK 很多很多絕大部分的 LOSING TO NA AND EU 很多很喜歡得不到FAST RECALL TO CHINA 你的那份軍閥 BETTER THAN PRIME FAKER ?
FPX, also known as Feeding Plus Extreme, is a LPL team best known for choking during week 2 of Worlds. They are currently the LPL world record holders for Airport Speedrun Any%
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
读写汉字 DOINB -400 SOCIAL CREDIT HACK? 读写汉字 70% WIN RATE IN SCRIMS??? 你到底是誰 FASTEST WAY TO AIRPORT! 表兄弟你到
Me, unironically:(
All in on PSG talon
lets gooo
still dont believe in the bois in blue c9

eu real quiet me thinks
C9 BABY
holy
i am mad
c9 does not deserve to win
they are so bad
this worlds sucks 😦
yes
i agree C9 is bad
but
Lol EU worse KEKW
i miss notorious pob
got me on the taliyah grindset
:COPIUM:
captain cope

tfw 100t pick an engage comp never engage

LPL Week 1: 10-2  LPL Week 2: 1-6
> Yeah this legendary FPX choke is unprecedented, it is bar none the most unexplainable choke of the greatest magnitude in worlds history.  :(
Also @Jar  > It'd be funny if not for the fact that tian quit due to depression and depression is the best and most likely reasoning for a fall from grace this massive. I really hope he's alright especially since he was also by far the worst player in fpx, that shit was a double whammy. Even if he wasn't depressed before playing the games, he's gotta be after losing all of them  This is what I was talking about

oh dude tian had like
terrible anxiety from league
i heard there was one instance where he was shaking cuz of stress

but also tian was playing well(?)
until worlds lol
i mean
i think this was written about worlds
but yes i agree
im v curious what happened
over confidence i would bet
its so crazy that they performed so shit
maybe
yesr
my mind was fucking blown
maybe the 70% scrim WR did make them overconfident

LPL week 2 lulW

🤡
Lck 7-0 lpl 1-7
Lck 7-0 lpl 1-7
Lck 7-0 lpl 1-7
Cope
I’m convinced gragas top is lpls kryptonite
Xiaohu Looked very weak and nuguri was like 0/6

Lck 8-0 lpl 2-7
Lck 8-0 lpl 2-7
Lck 8-0 lpl 2-7

Lck 9-0 lpl 2-8
Lck 9-0 lpl 2-8
Lck 9-0 lpl 2-8

:l

finally a win for lpl
that game made me so fucking hype for knockouts lmao
tomorrow is probably gonna be kinda sleeper
lck 9-1 lpl 3-8 smodge
wait
RNG actually beat HLE?
LOL THE THROWS
Chovy farmed while his team 4v5d
P sure he was full build too
Man is addicted to csing
They just got turbo outscaled by kennen I think

Wait tomorrow is gonna be so fun lmao
Does the lpl curse live on? Can mad beat tl? Can tl do the c9

Literally 5 hours ago u were complaining about how boring the teams for tmrw were
How the turn tables
Also I just meant in comparison to rng vs hle

NA>LPL me thinks

Wow.
4 WAY TIE LADS LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
GROUP DEEZ NUTS LETS GOOOOO
just
wow

TL c'mon you're playing at a professional level please respect the zoe range :FeelsRainMan:
please bro gimme a replay on the graves jayce fight
Lck 11-3 lpl 4-10
Lck 11-3 lpl 4-10
Lck 11-3 lpl 4-10

Lck 11-3 lpl 4-11
Lck 11-3 lpl 4-11
Lck 11-3 lpl 4-11

.............

hoes mad

Lck 12-3 lpl 4-11
Lck 12-3 lpl 4-11
Lck 12-3 lpl 4-11
@hongbaabaa stay mad
😦
Lol

poor tl

How the fuck do 48 ppl still have perfect picks
In what timeline
Actually
That’s like 1/55,000 people
And the odds of randomly getting it right is 1/13,000 or so
So I guess 1/5 people just rng’d it
Their odds of finishing with perfect if they keep rnging it is 1/128 so about 1/3 of a person is expected to win

fucking nerd  {Reactions} soywick (3)  [2021/10/20 午前 11:07] mason_jars Imagine not being a giga Chad putting c9 in second

True
Don’t u have like 17 pickem points?
Didn’t you also not put c9 second?
LOL
My Pickems are destroyed lmao
Mad and 100t actually griefed me
And upset not playing also fucked me

^
Well LPL failed me so
I have no words
My region 😭
I had lpl winning every single group cD
Except I think(?) I had damwon over fpx but not sure
I know I put damwon to win it all for sure
i put fpx to win it all
:smodge:
:D
im sittin with 32 points
im 33
below average :lfg:

Deans picks are always bait bro
He told me fpx was gonna win worlds
cant believe im in third and i didnt make a single pick
hot damn

Annie ban at worlds kekw

Noooooooooooo
Rng whyyyyyy
viper time 🕶️

@Scrim Bot will you watch worlds with me :isforme:

no  {Reactions} smodge disappointed tweaking  [2021/10/24 午前 09:42] .jaspr I'll watch next w/ you dean

(pinned) BLABER SCUTTLE HACK ? 🍔🇺🇸🌭🍔 4CS 0/1/0 3:15 MIN BLABER SCUTTLE HACK
Pinned a message.
I will unpin if c9 3-0
:copium: :copium: :copium: :copium: :copium:

NA NA NA NA
C9 perkz or smth

perkz blind pick yasuo :D

rascal holding kennen ult til next game wtf

worst midlaner at worlds cant even solo kill perkz needs jungle help
/s
actually hilarious quote from perkz lmao

"perkz is getting outclassed by bdd"
imagine getting outclassed by the worst mid at worlds lmao
xd
i think gen g is farming for worlds skins xd

west 0-6 quarters :smodge:

West coming together to be tsm

EU = NA poggers
Now EU can’t shit on us cuz G2 is dead

ture
true

Who do you guys have for Damwon vs T1

T1
damwon
is everyone forgetting how they swept them in lck finals lol
old kings vs new kings or smth

Wait I have money riding on t1 winning and still think there’s 0 chance they’re gonna win lmao
GUMA GAP is a good meme but I don’t think he actually has it in him to 1v9

An and I are betting skins on it
Lol one of u is getting shafted lmao
Me and mason are doing a combo bet across all of semis
Big
What’s ur bet
If T1 wins I get An SKT T1 Zac and if Damwon wins An gets me SKT T1 Nami
Ours is if dk and edg win, mason gets a legendary of his choice, and if that doesn’t happen, I get an epic skin of my choice for each upset that happens
So I’m buying mason a legendary skin and ans buying you skt t1 nami LMAO
Bro im inhaling 80 tons of hopium per minute and still don’t think t1 has a shot lol
We were gonna do whichever of those teams wins the loser buys the winner one of the next winner skins, but we would have probably forgotten by the time they come out
I mean skt t1 nami is really good
And it doesn’t matter how good the zac skin is b/c an isn’t winning
RIGHT
Sushi nami what will she do
Part of the agreement was also that I have to get to silver no matter what  {Reactions} t1  [2021/10/28 午前 08:11] .jaspr The skin spotlight for Zac still uses old ult, lol

i like that part of the agreement
just makes their failure that much more crushing

they banned aphelios
ggs
faker ryze hack smile
smile
vc?

GUMA GAP
GUMA GAP

@Stanley zilean

GUMA GAP GUMA GAP
GUMA GAP GUMA GAP
🙂
john wick
tm
> Bjergsen was right all along. Zilean is a god tier pick  {Reactions} tweaking  [2021/10/30 午前 10:59] irisqlin whos john wick
hes in this pic
someone killed his dog
why is he famous
really popular movie franchise
also its keanu reeves
also he has a gun
so
adc
oh
ooooh the dog was a gift from the dead wife
thats why he mad
got it
i mean
id be mad over a dead dog no matter what dog it was tbh
hm?
thats fair
but THAT mad?
idk
im not a criminal
most mentally stable dog owner
lol

oof good try faker
see i todl you it'd be 3-2 dean 😛
lol
u right
this is like
heart wrenching lmao
i want damown to win
im so happy we get guma aphelios
i think they are better
i want guma gap
i want guma gap
zilean play rates after this game
true
WHAT?
isnt this so troll?
i guess they have double tp
this series is crazy
this is the true final lol
whoever wins is gonna 3-0 EDG im calling it
or 3-1
GG
LMAO
did yall see keria's face
WHAT A SERIES
:(
that was a fucking bangert
im sad
for guma
:(
faker just like doesnt get how zilean works
threw the 2 fights they coulda flipped the game with by fucking up his supports zil ults
its ok t1 will be fine lol
they got so much better in the past 2 months
yeah
i hope they keep the roster together
ill cry if they dont
think their contracts dont end anyways so
except for fakers
t1 should find a new toplaner imo
they should fight for nuguri xd
nuguri either back to Dk or t1 i bet
hopefully not
week 2 nug
xd
I love khan and showmaker
they r so funny
yeah im like
a huge damwon fan
but i also really like guma and they r the underdogs
so i put on the t1 hat today
but im unironically really happy khan will get a victory lap before retiring
now its just time to root for gen g > edg tmrw
they have a chance :copium:
Excuse me
EDG are bad but not that bad
Actually it’s unlucky that the lpl civil war had to happen
yeah
idk
i am gonna
RNG is the best macro team in lpl
root for gen g really hard
bc
They r actually rly good
i really like all 5 players
so
i'll root for gen g w/ you
RNGs laners r just bad
i dont think they have any chance but
will be fun anyway
aight im gn
Actually it’s cryin it’s literally just cryin
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Zero impact Annie
the second annie was actually p good
he just
sucks when they ban 4 of his champs
and you need to not be like that as a world class player
True
Cryin only good on roaming champion
yep
aight im going to bed  {Reactions} tweaking (3)  [2021/10/30 午後 12:48] jeandones cya
gn

viktor 0% winrate worlds
at least he was played smile

:   )

2-2 rly
how bad is EDG

na clid
lol that was rip
they got sandwiched between scout and jhin ult
scout rly picking it up
im proud of him

oof

YASUO VS GRAVES IN TOP IN WORLDS FINALS
what fucking timeline

:kdagrag:
EDG hopium train
Jk it’s gonna be reverse sweep from now

fucking brutal

BWYH

Like I said
DK 3-1
If edg follows semis script they win the next 2 games ez dub
^^^^
i want to hear silver scrapes
DK draft is crazy good
It’s impossible to position against that
Kkoma gap
Completely feels bad playing agaknstr that
You literally just get bounced around
I'm just glad we got to see the lee
Yep
If the writers have EDG win I'm gonna piss on them
Lmfao

yuumi 😦
nami jhin 😻

Bruh, why does canyon lose every smite fight
No clue
time for silver scrapes
EDG
EDG
EDG
nami turned into a fish finger?????
i -
scriptwriters kinda cracked this year
The pick comp just didn't work
Reused same script for 3 straight series xd
edg edg edg
nami turned into a fish finger is a really good callout  {Reactions} tweaking (2)  [2021/11/06 午前 11:56] yuro i like it a lot  {Reactions} disappointed  [2021/11/06 午前 11:56] jeandones The *ego* comp didn’t work  {Reactions} ezreal  [2021/11/06 午前 11:56] hongbaabaa edg just pick graves flandrfe is a graves giga smurf
They shoulda banned it!
flandre is so bad on everything else lmao
and stop picking xin zhao pls
Yep
wheres the canyon lee sin
x2
he can't lose on it
Banned xd
unfortunate
DK banned it
I think the last game should be done in blind instead of draft
do doo dooo
Graves vs graves top
DK is still gonan win ngl
Lee sin vs Lee sin jg
i hate that EDG has given me so much hopium
Leblanc vs Leblanc mid
i get my silverscrapes wish
Jhin Leona vs Jhin Leona bot
They used to do that for series deciding games
Mirror match shen top every game lmao
Fish finger nami
You did call game 5 means edg win
So
?
I DID
I NEVER MISS
EDG KING OF BO5
silver scrape

WHY DID THEY PICK XIN ZHAO
PLS
xin zhao gamig
Counterpicked themselves!
if only this game was c9 vs mad
different timeline
Bruh moment

even game at 18
damwon win
nvm!
EDG
EDG
EDG
!
?????
WHAT
omg
:missing: :missing: :missing: :missing: :missing: :missing: :missing: :missing:
ahahah
Baron gaming
barooon
!!!!!!
HUGE
Yo what?!
oh my god
:MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing::MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing:
HIGHN IQ DAMWON
Viper
EDG
EDG
EDG
o
o.o
:MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing: :MIA: :missing:
Edg win?
bruh
was looking so good
Wild
@hongbaabaa is a prophet I think
They really used the same script 3 series in a row
khan 🤧

canyon trundle :kekw:
151cs 2 items at 40min
...............
EDG EDG
Bruh
WHAT DID I TELL YOU DEAN
KING OF BO5
aw khan
You told me 3-1 lmao
But yeah
I believed you lol
Team Silver Scrapes
The real message here is that gen g is just as good as dwg Kia
Lmao
I am
In shock
But I’m so happy that my teemo king 👑 win worlds :D
Viper 😊
Unfortunately EDG is my least favorite lpl team lmao
Xdd
I like viper a lot
I wish he’d come back to lck but
I still like him a lot
All my fav lpl players are Korean I think
Nuguri, viper, DoinB
Inb4 skins are Graves - Xin Zhao - Ryze - Ezreal - Rakan
No more Rakan skins pls
I want I lean
I lean
Zilean
I doubt it tbh
yeah its not gonna happen lmao

wait
oh wait nvm
scout didnt play viktor did he

Rip khan

True
i asked sean what he thought happened at worlds cuz he was busy this morning
he said he thought edg won 3-2 and everyone called it an upset when it kinda wasnt  {Reactions} smodge  [2021/11/06 午後 02:51] yuro when i told him about my bet with jacob he said t1 was the worst team in semis
very interesting takes
Well
Gen g
Is worse
Also I think t1 > edg :copium:

@Dean you think dwg underperformed?
Nope
Just think edg showed up to win
And did so

yea they were good games i think
edg played super well, especially teamfights

> Khan is never going to sleep another night in his life, he's always going to be thinking "what if I picked a real champion instead of first timing Yasuo?"
o-oll
feelsbadman

poor rekkles

worlds 2022 cities are New York, San Francisco, Toronto, and Mexico City
;o time to go to nyc

come visit 🙂

Im there now
This city is too fuckin big

yuh  {Reactions} tweaking (2)  [2021/11/21 午後 03:49] hongbaabaa amtrak pog
super easy to get to ny lol

where in ny

Was just in nyc
I will never drive to / from there in my life ever again
Oh, brooklyn
Oh I will never drive to nyc
Only Amtrak from philly
Only 70 minutes
Right smack dab into Manhattan

:Madger:
Why is TES releasing Karsa for Tian
why does tian even want to play next season I dont get it
karsa is the best chinese jgler ever smh

jackeylove on jinx :gnarUWU:

wait lpl started?
or is it still exhibitions

Demacia cup

Ah

holy doinb actually losing to new fpx
:KEKW:

Ey another person living in best big city on the east coast  {Reactions} wawa (2)  [2021/12/27 午後 10:06] carrotburrito Ik it’s been over a month but hey hadn’t noticed

We have a lot of PA folk around here
this server is people from all over pa and also umbc/one specific maryland middle school
teeeechnically im from ohio 🙂
ohio pog
yall got the rock n roll hall of fame out there

And canadians

Canada + Philly = best people in NA outside of México
as a
philly suburb resident
patently incorrect holy shit

“Suburb”
No one likes philly suburbs
Even philly suburbs don’t like philly suburbs
Ummm
Philly ppl kinda
I mean they’re endearing but abrasive
Eagles games are a vibe tho
no i
like philly suburbs
hate philly
What
How
Philly is awesome
As long as you don’t drive or bike or use the road where a car is in general
It’s awesome
Plus I challenge you to find a shittier school district leadership
:tweaking:

Second this
Philly itself has always kinda been a nightmare to be in
In all fairness I feel the same way about most cities
But like there’s an order to the chaos
:copium:
Plus public transit only reason to live in a city outside of proximity
:8103_monkaWheel:

"proximity to other people is the only reason to live in a city" yeah true thats like, the reason cities exist
"agglomeration externalities"

I will argue to death that pittsburgh is a godless wasteland and should be eradicated
Sounds good
I agree

Not necessarily other people just things in general be it education work stores etc
People too I guess but tbh meh

everyone keeps hovering trynd, but not picking it :(((
They’re advertising voting for trynd rework
Subliminally
please god no
shyv or noct

nocturne rework has potential to be exactly the kind of asshole shitter champion that i love
i just want him to actually be a nightmare demon instead of stat check attack speed champion with nocturne ultimate
give him a sleep at least smh

Shyv pls

I think adding some util to his kit, a bit more execute, and less scaling could help him a good bit
But maybe that’s stupid

@hongbaabaa are you just a huge v5 stan this season?
Eh I only rly like karsa
no rookie?
Still a TES fan except I’m so Madge they replaced karsa with fucking tian
haha
Tian is so bad that they benched him after one game  {Reactions} 🤡  [2022/01/16 午後 02:38] hongbaabaa For a rookie jungler
weibo gamins roster looks so good too
I don’t think wbg is gonna make worlds tbh
but i can still watch their split games lol
True
They got kinda dumpstered today tho
i cant watch bc i have a functional sleep schedule this sem lol
I never watch live lmaoo
well today theres lec and lcs
so
gotta rep my shitty western teams
rng looks cracked
They actually looked rly bad so far
Kind of not on the same page
Also I think weibo gamings problem is that I can assure you sofm and the shy have very different play styles. And sofm is so fucking stubborn
Like theshy probably has similar mentality to bin
And last year bin and sofm kinda flopped
i think rng has potential tho
On paper ofc yeah
i havent gotten to watch much so just looking at rosters lol

its amazing how well t1 can do in lck regular season when they run the 5 best players on their roster every game :fizzshrug:

They’re not doing the 10 person roster this time tho 😮
Also back then it was debatable who was better tbh
Cuzz and Teddy were both just as good imo
ok but they only ran faker like 30% of the time LMAO
no shot faker wasnt better than clozer
and keria is like the most cracked support to ever grace my eyes
(except you, hong :crackheadlux: )
I’m washed at supp
:goodbye:

church of danny phantom
what a guy
two pentakills already

Sheesh

dig believers or what lads
yee yee
So the guy who plays support for our team works for DIG
He copes about DIG 24/7
LMAO
pftooo

INSPIRED
🐐
gg c9 tho
they're definately gonna win
theres no chance EG is going to win at this point of the game
pretty wp by the aphelios
this cringer
damn bro
what a game
:D

I was texting a friend the word “way” and it autocorrected to edg, famous league of legends team
As I was typing that sentence. “To” autocorrected to “tk” “Thomas kench”
Games
Gamers

That’s how you know it’s time to stop playing league
Problem is that stems from me watching pro play and texting ppl about it
Not from playing it

thats how you know its time to (REDACTED) league
Play!

Tsm trying to replicate their worlds 2020 performance

Danny is my fav lcs adc
same
impact has been my fav top for so long
new tweet i just saw
Danny phantommmm
Bad take

Lol regular season score doesn’t rly matter
No I’m right :copium:
JDG is 4-2
Holy
TES is imploding

imagine
IMAGINE
TRADING KARSA FOR TIAN
Karsa is smurfing his ass off

wait WHAT??!?!!
v5 traded karsa?
in what world

No no
I’m talking about TES
Trading away karsa for tian in preseason
OHHHHH
i was gonna say

can someone explain why xayah runs aery now
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smhits sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smhits sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
its sivir 2.0, cringe asf no skill ruined a fun and somewhat skill champ smh
nice macro
cheesh
so when do i get dfrops smile
..
smile
you want the actual answer or the meme answer
yaes
it just feels troll honestly
every feather procs aery on the way out
its just good in lane
its super easy to proc aery just from randomly pushing the wave
but the secret xayah enjoyers
take first strike
its op
you get like 1100-1300 gold each game from it
cuz you just q/e in lane

brokenblade couldve ended as gwen no?
or at least open nexus

First Strike Xayah is sick as fuck
More ADs should take first strike

probably
sad he didnt
a throw to be honest

as a g2 fan the game made me sad

lmfao
na bills
tell odo to transfer

THATS HOW THEY WIN THEIR FIRST GAME?!?!?!?
What the fuck
Wait did tsm win
Oh wow they were rly behind lol

Yeah it was an interesting game
I only really watch the eg and tl games
Id rather just watch lpl or something if I’m gonna watch pro league
?????

fired for being white

Bro??

and they lost LMAO

I just realized that wasn’t a joke
Wtf happened to make them fire him after two weeks

“The only rational explanation is that LS must have actually killed someone. He was drawing fans, hype, and best of all, results to the team. The entire roster was built around him. They invested heavily into getting him on the team. They must also have known about the pending community backlash from releasing him. There's no way C9 would get rid of him unless there was literally no other way around it.”
“Literally no one wins from this.  Cloud9 loses, lcs view ship loses, audience loses, costreamers lose.”

“Rumour is he demanded Fudge play Yuumi mid with bee skin and matching IRL costume, while communicating solely with the phrase "So, you need a new shield buddy?"  Fudge was furious, and they wrestled in the scrim room”
lol
half the c9 players are like "what the fuck"

But there’s no way they did that without an amazing reason right
Portuguese politician btw lmao
sheesh
:deanpog:

Keria is my new favorite player
he literally solo won game 2 of SKT v DK
hes a monster

yeah keria and gumayusi are sick
WBG is impressive im honestly surprised
i thought theshy was a player similar to Bin
and suning kinda sucked last split because Bin and SoFM have super different playstyles so I thought it would be more of the same
plus arguably bin and theshy are basically on par
The take I’ve heard is that theshy is actually able to take risks b/c if he goes all in and fucks up he actually has a team to bail him out now
Idk if I agree but
idk bin tried to the same thing
like he just tried to solo carry
somehow we're playing in a BLG tournament lmao
one of our players' family members works at BLG or smthn liek that
They said the same thing about rookie on v5 lol
That’s cool

TSM=CLG kekw

couldnt break the chain but mimi is just a silly goofy admin and that's that
:nodean:
:nodean:
:nodean:
mine is bigger

HLSKDjlakdfjlkajslkdfjla
CLG BEAT TSM LOL

regi homeless speed run
lmfao
didnt you hear? faker is actually joining YWS

we're playing in BLG's livestream this morning if anyone wants to watch xD

this showed up in my recommended
the true gumagap

jesus
guma limit testing the pause rules

bro
zac support in lck holy shit
Tbf it is the best team in the world 15-0 vs a team of substitutes
Lck has been a ride this season b/c of the Korean covid situation
Has the kaisa mid come out yet?

2/1/1 support scoreline with 17 kills on the team kekw

ya I think faker played it yesterday?
or two days ago
one of those
I didnt watch the game
Oh in lck?
ye
Shit I missed it
Gotta find the vod during my layover lol

TSM 2-0 my weekend is ruined

anyone watching g2 vs fnc
Yes
renata + viego is funny
I only caught the end of it unfortunately
fnc won 2 fights off the back of renata w
and viego resets
Lol

g2 only has aphelios for damage
lol
200 years of damage
Ornn into a Braum is scuffed
hyli lmao
what was that
thats the second time this series jankos has sidestepped viego ult

2-1 fnc lol
what a skirmish
oh lord
that was horrendous
yikes

that geng DK game was insane
Comeback mechanics very balanced

canyon smurfed his ass off
he flame horizoned Peanut and was only one level up
DK usual DK mistakes tbh
they just played the game soooo slow
the mid game at least
Yeah, it was kind of a nidalee renekton diff. Ruler was clocking way over 10 cs per minute tho

oh jeez TES path to winning spring split looks tough
also TSM out of playoffs
XD
TSMXD

TES TES TES

finally was able to watch it
holy shit
im so happy
ruler chovy <3
i pref DK
im a huge fan of both
so it was tough that they played each other
but i pref gen g
have for like 4 years lol
and chovy :chovy: just makes it better

RIP Doinb

Wait did TES win
Holy shit
3-0???
It’s a dream

WBG draft so bad xddddd
lost to JDG

Let's go, V10

what is this disrespect against jinx

t1 covid :(
not guma tho
gumagap insane irl mechanics perfect spacing kited out the virus

True
They actually are gigabrain
Avoid covid all split
Fuck 89 strippers to celebrate winning spring
historians and linguists will struggle to understand what the fuck you two are saying
Except guma because he only needs him self
Then recover before msi

im a linguist this isnt true

gumayusi had stopwatch

He’s gonna complete it into ga next weekend
Immortality arc
Doinb is the only acceptable pose

TES TES TES

It was a banger series

Galio OP

TES TES TES

ngl as much as i want TES to go to MSI
I dont wanna watch them get absolutely curb stomped by T1
so im fine if RNG go be the sacrificial lambs

Irelia into gnar :deanpog:
They really just said we could have played better draft wasnt the issue

okay, maybe draft was the issue

Noooooooooooooo
Booooooo
Whatever tbh
I didn’t want TES to be the sacrificial lambs against T1

holy shit
Danny phantom
NA hero
santorin literally griefed tho
how do u miss smite like that
nvm i retract
the baron leveled up at 29 minutes
thats kinda lame
still the sickets play ever tho

the EG allergic to dragon meme just writes itself
xd

ANY EG BELIEVERS OR WHAT
after EG 3-0ed TL i knew they were gonna smash finals
its all about upwards momentum tbh
also jesus how does danny manage to pick up every single kill
EG is so good at funneling him lol
omg watching danny hug vulcan is so funny
vulcan is a giant and danny is so smol

Me since day 1 man
I have invested for years

I miss the jiz
:(
Me too
Jojo is a solid second choice tho

Fudgeycake is returning to the top lane!

LMAO did summit quit?

Yeah, he didn't make MSI so he considered the season a failure

COOLEST MONKEY IN THE JUNGLE LETS GO

no ryze? no lee sin?
also gumayusi trolling
I think I griefed my picks by saying yes to ryze/lee
ryze soloqueue win rate detered me
It’s been worse and still turbo high prio in pro
I think ryze and lee will show up later in the tournament but I think they won’t show up at all in groups
lee probably, i think ryze with the second nerf wont make the cut
Roaming mid meta is huge rn is the only reason I say that
But we will see
also T1 has four lucidity boots right now, and faker was the only one who went defensive

theyll both see play but i dont think either of them will be 50%+ presence
Eg coach needs to be killed for their war crime draft
Hmm today I will draft ryze samira karthus aatrox surely enemy won’t pick GP or Anivia or Xerath or Ziggs or Kindred or TF or Orianna or Varus

After Day 1: Swain: 0 games Wukong: Played ✅ EG: 0-1 Best Western Team: G2 2-0 Lee Sin/Ryze: 50%/17% Champs: 40 Xiaohu/Faker: No solo deaths  T1 Group Record: 1-0 T1 Rumble Record: 0-0

na believers in shambles

I would love to lose by G2 making it to the finals

🤨
Aint no way he made a song about that 💀

Did you vote no and regret it
Nvm if yall dont get it
Prob just me and I THINK I do
Like pretty sure
i assume the ski mask song is in reference to this
he would be the type of dude to make a song to something like this
i mean im p sure its just a phrase
i think the whole thing was they just let the kids pick which hoodie they wanted to wear
the kid picked that one
and then everyone online made it a race thing
thats tough to say
no there was like
an official statement
this is known info
oh
i guess everyone just assumed cuz most companies would probably pick out the clothes themselves
either way it became a big thing for like no reason
they said it was just a pile of the entire new clothing line and they brought in like 5 kids
im p sure
but i had forgotten about it and was bumping the ski song recently
> “COOLEST MONKEY IN THE JUNGLE” was a highly anticipated song on Ski Mask the Slump God’s mixtape, BEWARE THE BOOK OF ELI prior to its official release. The title borrows from a controversial H&M stunt that has become a popular meme. On January 8, 2018, an advert for a green hooded children’s top emblazoned with the phrase ‘Coolest Monkey In The Jungle’ was taken down after people noticed that it was modeled by a black child. It was widely seen as an offensive example of the kind of disparaging comparison of Black people to apes which has persisted since Europeans' first contact with Africans. >  > The phrase “Coolest Monkey in the Jungle” also appears on “DoIHaveTheSause? (The Bee’s Knees)”, in a line which is nearly identical to one said by Ski’s sometime-collaborator Denzel Curry on IDK’s “No Wave”, which was released less than a month before. >  > Ski first announced the track through Twitter on January 11th of the same year and would later preview the track through an Instagram post 5 days later. On the same day, it was announced that the track would be a collaboration with up-and-coming Atlanta rapper, SahBabii. Ski also tweeted that he wanted Gunna on the song, and Gunna was for it, but the feature never happened.
you were right tho the song is in reference to it
yeah i used to listen to him
he would 100% be the guy to make a racist meme a song
he is quite good

i cant believe orders adc went kraken vayne LMAO

whats with the inting nauts

After Day 3: Swain: 0 games Wukong: Played ✅ EG: 2-2 Best Western Team: G2 4-0 Lee Sin/Ryze: 27%/13% Champs: 63 Xiaohu/Faker: No solo deaths  T1 Group Record: 3-0 T1 Rumble Record: 0-0
holy shit
they just wiped all of RNGs games
what the hell

this is updated
jax, draven, gragas removed
3 games (0 ryze presence, 1 lee sin presence) removed

65 now (+ irelia, vladimir)

are groups always this fucked
every game ive seen has just been a shitstomp

Yes MSI groups are no fun
Best thing to come out of MSI so far is RNG baby bitching on twitter when they’re the only team who hasn’t been playing on like 60+ ping for the last 3 days
All tweeted the ⚖️ emoji
And said that they’re “continuing to play through unfair treatment”

RNG is gonna win MSI
kai sa meta back in perfect time xD
its too scripted
gala kai sa one trick
which also means i have to learn this champion...
l
L

i mean
i can feel for them right
but i dont think its right that they assume that they're the only ones who are the victims of how shit msi has been so far
its bullshit that all other teams suffer for 1 team, especially in the face of technical difficulty
especially since if RNG played on 35 ping, they would at least have consistent connection
whereas people playing on LAN are fucked by software issues

I agree with this take

Based

they won all 3 rematch games anyway yeah?

oh wait nvm
the rematches are tomorrow

nvm my new hot take is that G2 > RNG

After Day 6: Swain: 0 games Wukong: Played ✅ EG: 4-4 ❌ Best Western Team: G2 8-0 Lee Sin/Ryze: 33%/8% Champs: 87 ✅ Xiaohu/Faker: Solokilled ✅ T1 Group Record: 6-0 ✅ T1 Rumble Record: 0-0

im quite wrong so far

I think the only way I can get back is if they start whipping out the swain
And faker or xioahu need to be solo killed
It might have happened I’ll check soon

I only said yes because one of DRXs academy midlanders solo killed faker in the middle of a team fight because he wasnt paying attention

Xiaohu died towerdiving a lissandra Dw
Pog

LETS GO
im actually gonna win hype
Oh he actually died twice that game
For what it’s worth you did submit your answers around 14 hours past the deadline
Haven’t decided if I care or not
Not Keria Unironically playing ghost cleanse rumble support
OH SHIT
oops
hadnt realized lmao
ah well even if i dont get skin i get the satisfaction of ego boost
Faker also got solo killed, took 40 damage from a braum auto and 2000 from fountain
lmfao
if it works it works
Yeah I’m on the fence b/c I 100% don’t think you knew msi had already started when you submitted your answers but the person you consulted for help may have seen some stuff already
Also happened with a gp
ya thats fair
I mean what happened? just champs being played right?
like no Wu or Swain yet?
I think I will probably just say you got the wukong one wrong b/c that’s the only one that was locked in before you answered
ah
thats fair
honestly thanks for still counting it lmao
Yeah I mean that puts you at needing to get all 9 right to get anything which seems reasonable ig
I believe
I meant to lock the survey and didn’t so I will take the L on that one
Me too honestly your answers are quite good
Oh do we get something if we are right
I just kinda filled that out randomly

🙃

Side note how often does 1 team from each group go undefeated at msi

It’s a new format from the last couple years
But not super likely?

how do i check my response
i cant find the submission confirmation link
i do know it submitted since my ign is in the predictions past responses

hoping t1 and rng pull out the lee sin picks

After Day 6 + 1 Game: Swain: 0 games Wukong: Played ✅ EG: 4-4 ❌ Best Western Team: G2 9-0 Lee Sin/Ryze: ~33%/8% Champs: 75+ ✅ Xiaohu/Faker: Solokilled ✅ T1 Group Record: 6-0 ✅ T1 Rumble Record: 0-1 ❌
Eliminated: Russ, An, Valor, Cylako, Yaveed, Will, Jake, Stanley, Peter, Drago, Daev, Mino, Jackson, Jar,  Still In: Jacob (1 wrong), Michael (1 wrong), Dean (0 wrong), Erik (1 wrong), Psycho Carrot (1 wrong) DISQUALIFIED: #9 (no name)

NOOIOO
Wait hold up what did I get wrong
EG?
Or are you counting the Wu
I don’t remember what I put for eg
WAIT that’s counting wu hype

Dang
I was totally not expecting G2 to win both of those games
Jesus

as a g2 fan i am very happy

THE WEST WILL RISE AGAIN WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

STOP GIVING GALA KAI SA
also bin is
so out of form..

After Day 9: Swain: 0 games Wukong: Played ✅ EG: 4-4 ❌ Best Western Team: G2 12-2 Lee Sin/Ryze: 39%/7% ❌ Champs: 75+ ✅ Xiaohu/Faker: Solokilled ✅ T1 Group Record: 6-0 ✅ T1 Rumble Record: 0-1 ❌
Ryze cannot get >= 50% anymore so I'm gonna call it an X
Still In: Jacob (1 wrong), Michael (1 wrong), Dean (1 wrong), Erik (1 wrong), Psycho Carrot (1 wrong)

Jesus man what happened to g2
I am sad

so far ive gotten 3 right :kekw:

Wait so only wukong I got wrong very hype

wtf happened today

After Day 10: Swain: 0 games Wukong: Played ✅ EG: 4-4 ❌ Best Western Team: EG/G2 4-4 in Rumble Lee Sin/Ryze: 45%/7% ❌ Champs: 75+ ✅ Xiaohu/Faker: Solokilled ✅ T1 Group Record: 6-0 ✅ T1 Rumble Record: 5-3 ❌

listen man all im saying is caps has lost every game hes played leblanc at msi
dude does fine in lane but then does nothing
sadge
g2 is regressing btw they arent playing their flexible style anymore
Nah G2 and T1 just don’t know the meta lmao
They drafted well day one and suddenly stopped drafting well

After Rumble: Swain: 0 games Wukong: Played ✅ EG: 4-4 ❌ Best Western Team: EG/G2 Semis Lee Sin/Ryze: 47%/6% ❌ Champs: 75+ ✅ Xiaohu/Faker: Solokilled ✅ T1 Group Record: 6-0 ✅ T1 Rumble Record: 5-3 ❌

Lmfao
11k gold lead at 17 minutes
actual fucking goat man

LMAO
Wait I didn’t realize the finals were today that’s like
Quick turn around
Incoming RNG cheated posts
Busan library
Why does everyone keep trying to 2 v 1 Gwen
I feel like they champ is meant to win fights like the everyone’s so surprised when bin 2 v 1s and I’m just like there’s no way they kill the Gwen here

Ok I’m rly not impressed with xayah and wukong
Champ is just not balanced rn no?
Wukong feels so useless lol
Monkey might be better in solo queue not sure
Ah ppl are just picking xayah cuz everyone’s throwing like 4 adc bans I see
4th best adc tm
Holy fuck wukong is so squishy lmao
He goes in he ults he does zero damage and then he gets one shot
Maybe Harambe was right champs weak
Unironically tho I predicted the RNG win when I saw the meta change
Feels bad for t1
:hongsilver: :hongsilver: :hongsilver:

Wei got mvp
Actually deserved
Somehow three tournaments in a row LPL junglers suddenly step up and become giga cracked
Jiejie actually somehow gapped canyon last worlds

Nah EG should get mvp for gifting RNG blue side advantage for the series

Lmaoo
After Knockouts: Swain: 0 games ❌ Wukong: Played ✅ EG: 4-4 ❌ Best Western Team: EG/G2 Semis ❌ Lee Sin/Ryze: 46%/5%❌ Champs: 75+ ✅ Xiaohu/Faker: Solokilled ✅ T1 Group Record: 6-0 ✅ T1 Rumble Record: 5-3 ❌

Winners: 9 right: 0 players 8 right: @Dean @Olaf (Erik O.)  - DM me to claim your epic skin!

0 games of swain?

I have to buy myself a skin :(
Yeah!

noooooooooo
LMAO
Unironically yeah
Better way to word it would be like
yea blue side is making you draft jhin yuumi 😄
red side oop
“Our poor rumble stage performance losing to a team from the worst region in the world didn’t allow us to access side selection privileges”
I maintain that Jhin zilean woulda been fine and giving Zeus anything other than Jayce and banning Gwen could have saved draft
Only 3 very small changes
/s

he just means the two teams were evenly matched and both played well so the small advantage of blue side became a major factor :)
Whereas eg was so much better than T1 that it didn’t matter than t1 had blue
they werent trying
(Lie)
north america kek double you!
@Dean

Yes!

KERIA YASUO????????

BRO WHO IS PAYPALING ALPHARI MONEY TO BUILD BANSHEES VEIL ON GWEN
like what
its not even good here
Wdym she doesn’t have any abilities that can block spells she needs it
paypal moment
Dont know how Vit are close to losing when BDS are cancer drafting shit like Akali into their comp
they won cuz bds threw LMAO
Insane
Better draft wins
These coaches need to be fired
true

i watch ls react to draft and then dont even watch the rest of the videos
its just funny to see him mald at draft
huh
does vulcan know how karma works

good build wdym

That build is cracked lmao

Lec scuffed
XL vs Vit full remake
Past 20 mins
Sheesh what happened
Idk
They broke the game
Reminds me of the GA Samira ult bug last year

V5 macro so good
im still
not over the fact TES got Tian over keeping Karsa

TES TES TES TES TES TES

taric lock in :O
hope we get claPs and not craPs
we always want that

close
outdrafted i guess

I can see why wayward replaced zoom now 🙂
wayward giga chad, spamming emotes at the guy who he stole job from

T1s macro this morning is a lil
:sus:

😬

Did they lose again
Ruler got a pentakill in 20 minutes on zeri
And then a Quadra kill 3 minutes after
One bad play and t1 completely mental boomed
I think the problem isn’t that they lost this series but
Gumayusi mental
Dead after this LOl
Got gapped so hard by ruler
Not even close
Oh fuck if I realized it was gen g I wouldn’t have asked
I wanted to watch that series OOPS

(pinned) For those looking to go to worlds:  Play-Ins: September 29-October 4 at the Arena Esports Stadium at Artz Pedregal in Mexico City, Mexico; Groups: October 7-10 and October 13-16 at the Hulu Theater in Madison Square Garden in New York City; Quarterfinals: October 20-23 at the Hulu Theater in Madison Square Garden in New York City; Semifinals: October 29-30 at the State Farm Arena in Atlanta, Georgia; Finals: November 5 at Chase Center in San Francisco, California.
Pinned a message.
Ik im going to try to do semis and quarters, lmk if youre going to go to either or groups, potentially trying to coordinate a meetup or something

GEORGIA OMEGALUL
Who goes there
me, twice!
half the players instantly saying jankos caps is really funny to me
are they that busted
these are the most white guys i’ve ever seen
It’s Europe!
Yes
i’m also european

🆗
:missing:

Unfortunately
:missing:
yo i was gonna tell my scrims friends about this sick dream i had with my friends there but now ig not…..
Fugg,,...
good start
Right???

Bruh
TL NA embarrassment 🥲
TL is the most NA team ever despite being mostly imports

why are they liquid honda
Same reason it's TSM FTX
And Immortals Progressive
cringe
Capitalism and what not

as i said
YO where’s my state farm team
What is it now, dignitas quantumpay or something?

state farm sponsors the whole LCS
LFGGGGGG
i would love a team to get nicknamed "state farmed" after they go 0 and whatever at their first international event
what fucking happened
Zeri needs to be removed from the game
Unironically
It’s not fun watching zeri just stomp pro play once the game goes like 35 minutes
Don’t think T1 should’ve won that series

@An that draft is actually rockstar wtf
Was Azir picked in GP?
Azir top into gnar
Yasuo mid into galio
P sure Galio shits on Yas
Heimer senna into Tom and jerry
But Azir is good into
Gnar
Yas is insane into gnar
wtf is tom and jerry
Yuumi zeri
cancer
Cat and mouse
I dont think Heim is bad here
But i feel like
Might be better picks
kench was benched?
Prolly
Nah
Senna kench is shit
Compared to Sera, Cho, etc
i don’t know anythin abt whats good i just know senna kench
Agreedge

LPL BANGERS
TES TES TEs

man i love drakos/caedrel duo casts

well now that TES qualified I actually have to pay attention for worlds 😦
RNG probably out is super weird
but they still have a very minor shot
Gauntlet run copium
I'd rather see V5 at worlds
I like V5
photic pog
I like TES,EDG,JDG,V5
EDG look rly good rn

I’m the one on copium :)
I hope drx makes it from Korea

Weibo gaming is fun too

I’m p sure they got eliminated

No theshy 🥲

True

ok i havent seen 100T v TL yet but my hot take is that 100T is gonna 3-0 TL
i dont think thats a hot take
i think
TL just won a game
i wasnt only half watching
dont spoil it for him
Its certainly interesting so far

BROTHER CLOSER WHAT ARE WE ULTING LMAO

HAHHAHAHA
KLED LOCKED
THIS GAME IS DEAD

TES TES TES

absolute banger series
love seeing fnc get fisted

I need fanatic to win
they cannot lose they have the twitch yuumi
LETS GO

Had to go do groceries couldn't watch 🥲

Lol
Dude that game was wild
Upset almost solo lost that game
fanatic absolutely trolling

Wunder is win trading lol
He’s saved last game so he has to troll this one

upset is so overrated imo
i started watching lec around when rekkles joined G2 (:breakmonitor:) and everyone keeps hyping him and hylli up as if they're best bot duo in europe and they feel like they just underperform every time
Upset was rly good last year
And fall split
and then he had to go home to his ~~gf~~ wife during worlds
Hey I respect that
yeah it's for sure understandable
just feels like when fnc needs him he doesn't perform that great and then has good regular season games (except this summer)

belvussy locked in

noooo TES
so close

The last game they just forgot that they needed to protect zeri and the game was over

CLG CLG CLG

DRX DRX DRX DRX
kingen 😍

Doinb cracked or what oml

bro g2 just absolutely dunked on rge game 1

Lfg

Dunked on them the whole series*
Sad I didn't see more of it

Feels bad for LNG and doinb but
RNG deserve this one
True
How insane is LPL tho
How close was the series
Cracked
Every match goes to 5
So close
It was so close even last game was rly close
Blue side op or something?
Lol
Ah ok ill probably rewatch when I have time
V5 and LNG both deserve to be at worlds
Hard agree
Why the ruck does EU have four seeds
Laughable
Remove oce seed and eu4
OR
remove na 3 and eu 4
Kekw
Trueee
Jokes jokes

need elyoya to get married for ez wife buff
i'm probably biased as an lec fan but i like it 🙂 just wish they would change the playoff organization so that mad wouldn't have auto secured it without winning a single bo5 yet this season

any GP penta enjoyers?

HUGE DIVE
soraka my beloved
Finally people are picking this disgusting champ so it can finally be fucking nerfed
Also bastard drafting from both sides
B1 jarvan is the worst thing I’ve ever seen and Kalista when Draven and 95% of adc cast is open
Then we go Ahri even though team already shows then want to sprint into us
And we waste a slot for counters XD???
Even when G2 picks Renate as r5 XD???
If G2 saves mid pick it opens up easy anivia for this game

i’m dodging they banned my picks gg

malrang 4 heart honors

is audio dead for anyone else
you have it muted on your desktop bozo

malrang smurfing
comp is just absolutely gapping flakked
Forgot draft doesn’t matter when both teams just run at each other

RGE RGE RGE RGE RGE RGE!!!
feels bad for G2 but so nice seeing Odo get his

why is 100t even here
just go home fellas

C9 SYSTEMS BABY LFG
na kekw
absolute fiesta
wtf dude
clawseted furreis start fr

REPORT ZVEN
BANNED
BANNED
BANNED
we back baby
C9 EATING BABY LFG
but since when was zeyzal a coach?
recently p sure
this year i think
glad jensen and c9 are going to worlds
always international performers
"support is so easy" -Zven
HOLY ZVEN
go off ig
BROOOOOOO
dude does not care
LMAO
based support flame
i mean he's not wrong
LOL
bro hes shitting on people as a role swap
he deserves it
dude wtf is going on
THE BM
I love it
man said apparently its not even close
this is unholy

almost perfect series for berserker :(

Group A is gonna be spicy
NA is completely boned
Not even a chance

wait

group a is fucking stacked holy shit
inshallah rng and eg will win their groups then drx and fnatic will qualify from knockout
:copium:

Damwon looks dogshit Ngl

Haven't been following LCK much, didn't like half their roster leave?
I thought nuguri joined back but i don't see him in their recent games
they play nuguri on blue side and burdol on red
and deokdam kellin > ghost beryl
Burdol played in all 5 of both of their playoff series didn't he
no
I don’t expect much out of LCK minus gen G
And this is coming from someone who thought LPL was doomed last year at worlds before worlds even started
ANY NA BELIEVERS THE WEST WILL RISE AGAIN EU WILL REIGN SUPREME
Jokes aside I've heard lpl looks fucking insane this year
EG WIN!
C9 SYSTEMS BELIEVER

Berzerker zven could actually be a colossal gap man

I will go in with no expectations so that if they fail I am not dissapointed
Who are they gapping? 😂
NA adcs are actually god awful
You don’t see lpl and lck playing seraphine bot cuz their adcs are actually talented

Surely seraphine isn't a crutch champion for bad adcs /s

Ruler seraphine kekw

if ruler plays seraphine GENG drops a game
a kind donation of one game
ruler on xerath tho

lmfao
BASED

worlds anthem is already stuck in my head
how does he do it
common caedrel w
what happened?
nvm

is it about the andrew tate thing?

this is so cute
thanks for sharing
:D
theres a second one too
LOL good luck!!!
eggsalad my beloved
IM SCREAMING
THIS IS MAKING ME BLUSH IR L
RATDDIT LOL
physically I think the frazzled rat is the cutest
agree
i like the silly ones
AHHH
LOL WOOOOO
there it is
ofc i had to propose to egg salad
how could i not
hehehe
eggsalad is unmatched
i like jagadoo as well
hes so funny
not the finance bro rat
why is it kind of hot 🥵
hes kinda ripped ngl..
ayo??
boy boy mysterio is my guy
from the 2nd one
AHAH
LOL aww
the monitor screen
noooo martine sweet baby
I JUST REALIZED THE ROSE DIES WHEN SHE TOUCHES IT
omg
thats cute ;0;
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
awwwwww
im glad youre enjoying it :>

Wow I didn’t realize how bad Gumayusi was this split
Huge diff
oh damn best sylas
is wicked
also why is zeri pro play's little girl
Lol knight sylas is insane have you see his 1v3 play
Actually so interesting that teams respect Knight sylas and jackeylove draven enough to just ban it
Even when it’s not top prio

TIAN THE GOAT OR SMTH LOL
THE GOAT
Somehow I feel like kanavi and peanut will gap him tho :/

who's winning worlds boys
my mom
sheesh
my pick is JDG
LOL
I know thats not like a hot take or anything
Gen g :copium:
but its a top meta rn
and I think
as a 369 hater
Doran is mid
because he griefed TES for a whoel year
but I think 369 is the best top laner at worlds
369/kanavi best top/jg duo
i think T1 has a good shot too unironically
a lot of ppl are throwing them out but zeus had a good season minus playoffs
i didnt watch too many t1 games but
guma has rly been doing poorly
looking at his stats
eg
C9 ONCE AGAIN THE GOLDEN HOPE OF NORTH AMERICAN LEAGUE OF LEGENDS, THE WEST WILL FINALLY RISE OFF THE BACKS OF OUR LORD AND SAVIOR JENSEN
meme aside i want rng to win
big xiaohu fan

Gumas been way off
Rng / gen g would be my preferred to win
C9 or EG as long shots
Rogues been really cool this year too I’m a malrang fan for sure
@hongbaabaa not a gen g believer?
not rly
not bot lane enchanter meta anymore
ruler can't carry his team on zeri/sivir
mid lane hasnt been relevant in a long time
RNG is not going to win
JDG and TES are way better
I’m gonna ignore you and believe in my team
Even tho you are correct
Maybe Doran will go crazy
Surely the year my team will reclaim the worlds throne is not cut short by sivir nerfs

clearly no fudge believers in chat smh

Fudge xd
not a believer in the goat top
smh

Damwon
I don't really follow esports but I like canyon and showmaker lol

They’ve been kinda grieferchamp this year
thought it was gonna be a upset can't make it to worlds again due to family matters :mia:
Can finally support G2's players with feeling shitty about the org's owner 😌
it's actually how insane how much damage he caused with the one tweet
not to mention the other shitty stuff
I've only been following the pro league scene for less than 2 years but any time he comes up it's always for something bad
Blocking Perkz to FNC, lying about it, partying with Andrew Tate and then doubling down on it
Crazy how quickly he flipped the public opinion on him

star walkin confirmed good song by my mom

its a good song
counterpoint, it lacks hype
its probably going to be the most mellow worlds song in 10 years
RISE!
RISE!

What if ur too tired to rise
MAKE THEM REMEMBER YOU
PICKEMS  {Reactions} lungewick (2) isforme  [2022/09/26 午後 04:04] teslaplasmabolt I may have griefed my Pickems or

I can see the future
We will see soon

im going all in on geng
rooting for eg and t1 but i think geng will win

If GENG don’t win Chovy will be found in a bar drinking some Smirnoff
Or cafe mont blanc
i like these pickems

Gen g ain’t winning
No shot
Unless Doran suddenly becomes the best top laner at worlds
:(
dont say this man
let me have hope
do not let him into worlds

As usual damwon worlds gear is drippy
This is the most grief draft I have ever seen what the hell????
Forgot how bad it was

different meta and champs tbf

Braum jhin?

braum jg camille jg
jhin and lee sin 😝

might just be to counter kai sa but idk

Yes but they drafted all ad and a jhin into 2 tanks
Even the casters were flaming it
Yeah I think the bot lane is fine I just don’t know why they double blind picked ad solo lanes and then didn’t draft any ap
sion having a good time that game
average mimaws draft
Yeah ok fair

SERAQUEEN
INSHALLAH SHE SINGS

nisqy stop facechecking bushes challenge
Mad do anything challenge (didn’t even make summer playoffs)
Nvm they got baron good for them
this sera gameplay
is so hard to watch

game starts on time challenge
(Impossible) (can’t succeed)
its impossible to not like captain flowers tbh
hes so silly
i like how the countdown timer keeps going up
i believe in eg
lets go jojo!!
im in class so i dont have audio whys he got stickers on his face
lol
he should add another one every time theres a delay
game delay
thats what he wants to do
hes having fun
FNC try not to abuse pauses impossible challenge

the viktor ult !!! 👀
that shit is impossible on anything but 0 ping :eyesButFaster:
jojopyun looking a little puny ngl
i don't follow NA but I thought he was supposed to be really good
he was smurfing in scrims (allegedly) and cq
but it could just be the pressure of worlds stage and the pause tbh
Oh who’s playin rn
0/0/2 vs 0/0/0 top lane end of game LMAO
classic top experience
island behavior :KekW:
Oh eg fnc
Hype
Oh is Danny just not gonna play at all
L
yeah i mean maybe ~~once~~ if they make groups?
but i respect the break for mental health
takes some balls to do that imo
hong behavior from danny?
i mean
i dont think youre right
what is this music 💀
im at work i cant hear itxd
trust me it's better that way
jojo interview kekw
why are they interviewing jojo 💀
"how much do you miss danny's warm touch"
No I just realize this game sucks
Who won
fnc won in like
20 mins
L
impact 0/0/0
no impact
No Danny no worlds
xd
Danny is
they are at worlds!
Unironically egs identity
Play ins doesn’t count
That’s why they’re
Playing into worlds
Smile
ohhhh
true
i mean the other 4 players are really good but its tough now that they have a lane that isnt world class
but im also on mad eg copium :copium:
my bets on byg

well
EG plays around danny
is the issue
danhy does 33% of his teams damage
thats actually the 2nd highest at worlds
slightly above viper
slightly below jackeylove
so thats the issue
its hard to change ur entire team identity
in the span of a couple weeks
:)
Koari is surely just as good
bruh i just watched the game
this guy sucks no cap
what is that cleanse reaction time
if your gonnna bring cleanse u better cleanse fast enough so leona e doesnt hit you
:(
he cleansed leona ult just to be hit by e so whats the point dead anyways

this hecarim build is fineable fr

game delay because of crocs :KEKW:

wait FUCK i trolled my pickems
maokai is the #1 flex
fot sure
for some reason i thought no one would play him
zilean could be too
im banking on sej support getting a game
same we getting the free 50

Jojo 😍

can someone explain
the aatrox comet
better trades
was it 369?
369 is the guys -who started it, and it makes aatrox win early lane even harder
ah
i remember so many people were flaming wunder for it
im upset that 369 decided to start smurfing
after he left TES
he actually griefed TES for an entire season
theres that famous clip of karsa telling him he's bad LMAo
or not bad but like
serious champ pool issue
and flash forward to this year
and osmehow he has the largest champ pool out of top laners in LPL
Based
Troll karsa
Leave team
Smurf
Refuse to elaborate

i picked viego for most roles cuz i assumed hed be picked jg and i had seen whispers of mid/top viego coming back
but maokai is literally Just Viable in 3 roles and a few people have been trying him out in a 4th
Surprised mao is actually getting picked so much
Me too I didn’t think he would be
Hecarim players haven't developed the brain capacity to build ad items yet huh
i put panth in most diff roles
in the wise words of caedrel:
"panth most roles, yeah sure, but that means panth would have to be picked"
i did put azir for highest wr overall
i had sera
shut up
most banned kalista is looking good i think
most picked sivir is turbodoomed i fucked that one up pretty bad
i cant remember my crystal ball picks
i just picked random stuffs tbh lmao
if i get even 1 point im happy
i spent like 10 mins looking through gol stats
nerd
was interesting for its own sake at least
:buffsuki:
i wanna see some silly comps
these comps r all so boring
where is the silly
I really enjoy the Aatrox akali meta
Fun games
akali got dicked on last game holy
Agreed
Akali with sylas up is trolling
Akali into sylas is like
Unforgivable
I don’t know why you ego that matchup lmao
But not only are the two champs fun, their counter picks are also fun, with the exception of galio probably being boring after we see him 10 times
irelia is a caster
Kingen is cracked lmao
each sera ive seen is
erm
not my fave
Fair
mad vs rng
who do we have money on
Rng or you’re trolling wtf
rng
if u think otherwise, u gotta be mad!
I BELIEVE IN THE BO5 GOAT MAD LIONS BABY WOOO  {Reactions} cope copium crackheadlux  [2022/09/30 午後 09:48] ktnpwincess havent seen udyr
or at least when im watching i havent seen him
disabled at worlds
hey bro udyr players r ppl too :(
because the rework wasnt available in all of the playoffs
so cringe
i wanna see a blitz
Udyrs weak cuz no worlds presence LOL
true
i want that lil kindred plushy
whoever is the adc for mad
needs to stop playing sera
immediately
wait it's only 20$????
no way
was ig
NOOOOOOO
omg the lil scuttle plush
riot might actually get me to spend money on these
if they're ever in stock lol
willump looks so silly
i did not recognize who this was at first
NOT THE DOINB
rng comp looks racist

clown fiesta game

rip bozo

seraqween op
seraqween!

@Cylako teemo top locked in worlds playins

OMG
did they win @Noam
I’m watching it rn in draft phase for it and honestly it was the perfect time to pick it for a counter pick

no comment
He built wrong and played it very wrong. But I applause the attempt he did
lmfao

lol it be like that

did eg win again today
lets goooo my boy jojo collecting the bday dub
WAIT whod fnatic lose to
eg will win every game except against fnatic and fnatic will continue to choke against minor region teams and eg wins the group
NA IS NOT A MINOR REGION :copium:
did upset not play?
LLL


Yeah what dean sent ^

uhh
fnatic?
theyre up 2k
dw

eg :Sadge:
@Dean
BRUH
goodbye jojo
Eg getting slaughtered on my tl

whos hype for eg vs dfm pt 2

they r hyping up jojo so hard
im a believer
EG WIN! EG WIN! EG WIN!

saved the game for this morning holy hell

sylas blind?
cait morg mmm delicious
omg pink chroma majestic empress morgana
goated
Show???
:0000
Pretty

Why does Shogun got a mop on his head

maokai ZOOOOOOM

damn hes good
why did they leave belveth up again!

harp inting arc

no shot they just do it again
the oracle was up for harp!
hexflash dragon steal lmao
Croc an absolute thief
dang watching this worlds stuff is fun lol
it's reassuring knowing that they made the same mistakes we make
bro how can these morganas int so hard
poor gnar why'd they gotta chase him like that
official loud fan
he's just a little guy

loud believers?
always
brazil number 1
if i see another disappointing sera performance
im gonna be madge
Loud wins wrlds

taking this back
coward
solo song yikes
ok so like
I take it back again
Robo thinks he's the main character

he is
i believe in the loud reverse sweep
??? They won the first game
shhhh
i believe

robo loves inting his team
:sadbug: :sadbug: :sadbug: :sadbug: :sadbug: :sadbug: :sadbug: :sadbug: :sadbug: :sadbug: :sadbug: :sadbug: :sadbug: :sadbug: :sadbug:
robo inted so hard LMAO
whos got the clapper right in the left crowd mic LOL
BONK BONK BONK BONK BONK BONK BONK BONK BONK BONK BONK BONK BONK
omg croc is crying :(
poor baby

DFM DFM DFM
no aria tho 😦
I believe in DFM upset 🙂

not the fuck it we ball

ngl
just ban gnar against DFM
evi is a one trick
wait do DFM have to beat RNG to make playoffs?
groups*
Yes

RUMBLE INTO AATROX OMEGALUL
wait theyre like
unironically throwing
that matchup is unbelievably unplayable
like
theres no shot they r5 rumble top into aatrox
wtf
xd
ohhh armut won the matchup in soloq like 2 weeks ago
dont look @ armuts mid LMAO
ez Baus carry 🙂

nope this is worse
no ap into 3 tanks
Isn’t gp good into tanks
gwen would have been poggers
i mean yes but
what are they gonna do
they have sivir into draven alistar
elyoya is my 🐐
nisqy mental going kabum
kaiser :KEKW:
man unforgiven and kaiser look so bad rn
has unforgiven learned nothing from big t
who tf bans akali when you're gonna b1 sylas???
lets fucking goooo

quickshot casting hexes on eg lol

KAISER INTING :KEKW:
EG EG EG EG EG EGE EG EG EG
EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN EG WIN

I’ve been saying NA Bo5 region
I’ve been saying that
Let’s go NA
they wouldve won if it was bo1 or bo3!

@An you might be right
RNG loses to dfm? LMAO
DFM DFM
Wait if DFM wins
Is rng out
Or does rng play eg
rng is out
I thought rng was 5-1
Tho
That doesn’t make sense
rng was 4-1
drx was 5-0
But eg was 3-2
different groups no?
Oh
eg was from the group with dfm and saigon, mad/rng/drx were in the other one
i think?
ugggghh do i
fuck it we ball
or do i collect my free points
man i voted for rng bc yknow it's rng but if dfm win i'd be so happy
WAIT IT STARTED?? I THOUGHT IT WASNT UNTIL 7
i think cuz mad got crushed so series was moved up
i missed it too 😔
i switched to rng :notlikethis:
i wanted to switch back :sobpuddle:
Unfortunately EU got stomped too fast they got moved up on schedule
unlucky
I want DFM to win
I think minor regions are giga hype
they are from japan right
yeah! like na
dfm is the minor region team i picked to go farthest 🙂
tfw EU and NA have the same amount of reps in groups when EU had an extra group to send to worlds
i went with saigon buffalo :sobpuddle:
my pickems not looking too hot
My pickems NA copium still holding strong!
Surely this is the year
:D
if i switched to rng right before it locked and then dfm wins im gonna commit arson ruin death kill

check rngs paypal
on god
that why this is happening
WHY DID BREATHE ULT!!
nah theres no way
who paid them and how much
alternate take: this is how they managed to win msi and then not qualify for groups
youre welcome dfm fans. ive placed a curse upon rngs bloodlines
fuck pickems i fucked them up and now its hard to be happy about dfm fucking up rng
except...
they arent
well not anymore
i started watching and they started losing
my influence actually
fuck you dfm fans! i will make them lose

LUCIAN NAMI 😭
TRYND!!!!
FIRST STRIKE LUCIAN
I  CALLED IT
based
evi bouta ratio my pickems
did you say trynda bad or good?
no i mean
evi gonna carry
and then my predict for rng is wrong
yo ?
wait
we do this ?
maybe?
would be hype
i think more fun to watch with the squad in md at a house
could be true depending on how many we have
my house is much smaller now
house party yippee
don't think my apartment would fit too many
also don't want to do that to jacob's brother 🌝
Why is everyone surprised about MAD - they haven’t won a bo5 in months xdddddddd
xddd I'm such a happy eu fan :))))
17k gold lead at end
holy

I said bnb originally
Would be cheaper than a theater per person certainly

DFM is amazing
and it feels bad that they have to go against RNG at the end
Bars
they would have stomped so many teams in worlds
also give me NA analyst desk back
also wtf is going on with EG
they look so good compared to the lcs
maybe theyre going into shit teams? but like mad was the favorite and they 3-0d them
I think they have just gotten used to kaori now
I think they gap c9 in finals with Danny and this meta favors kaori over Danny so idk
Mental health gap and now they’ve recovered
kaori is a monster
also inspired is crazy as well
Rip eg tho
Impossible group

c9 > fnatic is reasonable i think but do i also na hopium eg > g2
i want them to beat g2 😢
neither of them is touching damwon or jdg tho
c9 fnatic is like
p obv
c9 > t1 is a legitimate take

no shot
I would love it to happen but it’s not going to
Guma Keria shits on berserker zven too hard
I think top side it may have the slightest chance of going ok but I don’t think botside will be ok at all
coped na enjoyer

JDG vs EG
I can’t wait
Holy day 1 is hype asf
Xd
Me watching scrims
You playing scrims
If eg shits on jdg I will go buy everyone in this server that reacts to this message an eg jersey
Surely we can actually pay attention
LOL
Sir they are expensive
You couldn’t afford it
You are aware of the teams playing right LMAO
It’s ok markz said jdg is gonna be the yearly lpl team to collapse
So eg has a 1 in 4 chance of winning
How much cope you got in ur body king
USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
LMAO
Tbf I'm rooting for eg
?
Jojo sucks
Hater ah
No Danny no win
Me too
Not enough for me to pickems eg anything other than last
LMAO
This do be one of the few times I root for c9
I find fnc to be the c9 of lec and I prefer lcs over lec
Saw the President randomly lol

wtf
HUH
where??
Joe Biden jumpscare
WUNDER DELIVERING BANGERS
Na slander
Xd
Wunder saying EG best na team :deanpog:
slander implies it isnt true :KEKW:
I don’t think the fans were legitimately confused about fnatic being an NA team
Therefore
It isn’t true
I think the take is just that NA is bigger fans of EU than EU is of Na
I mean I like g2 cuz they kinda swag internationally
But that's about it
Fnatic sometimes as well
I think as an na fan, I always convert to an EU fan if they make it out of groups
NUGURI PLAYING POG
Didn’t expect him to get played on red side
Yeah but EU players will never be the same for the inverse I think is the take
racism or something
> umbral grave
its cuz he builds it
Certainly

Jankos hit a knock up challenge: very hard

Lol he’s in philly on Penn’s campus rn apparently
I believe he’s doing a private thing

yeah my dad got stuck in traffic for three hours bc of biden visiting

I think his grand daughter is visiting my college

she single?
hong get that bag
if she pays for my conversion therapy sure ={P
cmon the bag

Is that how you pronounce Zeus's name?
"Zay - oos"
ye
T1 is just better
:D
i agree
i personally think
t1>gen g
thats my hot
?
werent you just saying they were bad
and that the lpl is better?
when did i say that
they're playing against EDG
last night
I think EDG Is awful in this meta
I think jDG/TES > T1
but flandre looks really bad rn
don't get my words wrong smh
also
I said gumayusi sucked last split
jdg was losing into EG early
I totally stand by that everyone things gumayusi
no way t1 loses
last night i was being yelled at by 2 people saying guma was the worst adc out of the east coast teams
yeah absolutely
based on his past split performance?
sure
but not gonna look at his earlier performance
?
i never said he'd definately be bad now
i literally didnt say anything about his past performance
if you scroll up to pre MSI
I said gumyausi is the best player in the world
ye he was
gumayusi meta = jinx/aphelios/caitlyn
but i dont think a bad split makes hiom bad
Berserker Comp > Guma
the problem is
his split was like
atrociously bad
but i don't agree
that makes him a bad player
i never said he's like wow so overatted terrible player
i just said based on his past split performance
I think even berserker was better
but ofc its slowly moving towards gumayusi's meta and ofc he's super talented
I think T1 will be super scary
but im still a JDG/TES enthusiast
I think 3rd/4th seed of LPL doesnt look that strong IMO
SINGE????
thats his pocket pick
certainly gen g will not lose to a 4th seed
yeah no shot
well
i do think
RNG > EDG
this hurts to watch
wtf
Singed is biding his time don't worry
singed pick lost them the game
literally play tahm
and you let chovy scale
and he doesnt have to blow so many summs
yeah i mean i like it into yuumi but this was
depressing

how is singed good into yuumi?
I think the good stops her mid w

yuumi literally cannnot dismount
she will instantly die because singed just ws her
and even if yuumi walks out she can't reattach for 5 seconds

Ahh
But late it seems so bad still
Cause yuumi can p much sit on strongest player
And singed gets kited out with r

I am a TES stan
I believe in them heart of the cards
wow watching xiaohu is so cool
like yes chovy has 100 cs more on him but
he is just way more impactful
ofc not gonna disrespect chovy like that he's still the best mid laner at worlds but
those lissandra flanks by xiaohu are insane
im a jackeylove believer
Knight is so awesome to watch
And jackeylove is great
And tian
I love their whole team
the goat1
very coinflippy tho
i always worry watching TES
LOL
also after watching the EDG T1 game
im actually not thaaat worried about edg
they just inted a dragojn fight and games gg after that
can't lose on dragon with a comp like that
idk why vi flash ulted a sivir with spellshield
a little weirdchamp

Humanoid been my goat
faker :c

meiko my beloved
Oh
FNC miracle run?
Maybe EDG doesn’t make groups again
The EDG curse

JACKEYLOVE JACKEYLOVE
wait tian?
THE GOAT
THE GOAT
🐐
gam playing like animals
nah tian is just
the goat
THE GOAT
knight is hella clean too

YAGAOOOO

HOPE HOPE HOPE HOPE HOPE HOPE
that was fucking crazy
i guess ur right teddy
top diff
lpl is great
lpl supremacy
040
that 3v5 after the drag was wild
they had no ults
i literally am talknig to sam rn i was like
theres no way they lose even if 369 dies

fudge :/

dude this rng vs cfo
is so insane
they r eating their balls
but cfo
is playing so aggro still
its so fun to watch
theyre so nuts
theyre 2.5k down but play like theyre ahead
sheesh

what a slaughter
that was the most entertaining game yet
i love flying oysters now
lol
balls to the wall perma
ye
actual jigachad team

omg
@Olaf (Erik O.) draven baby

@Dean i think im gonna kill myself
@hongbaabaa top esports more like flop esports
..
DEFT LETS FUCKING GO
china kekw

DWAVEN!!!

(it lost)
:(

either rogue is nuts or top is dooky
comp and trymbi  are crazy
@hongbaabaa top is the yearly flopper for lpl thoughts?
its not 100% over tho
top could somehow win a fight and end mid
Lol rip
nvm
its over
jackylove gonna be the next na import?
:D
I would cry
bruh rogue is playing with a korean who cant speak english
and they win that
based
I believe
3-0 next 3 games
Rogue is playing well tho like rly well
ye they have crazy synergy
even with language barrier
its jojo time !!

No shot

kekw it's already over

at least JDG looks OKAY
not in form but
not flopping

oh
c9...
yikes

DRX loses two teamfights then wins the game
thats been a thing for like
as long as i can remember
i call it "getting gnar'd"

SORAKA ?!!!!!!!!!!!!
HOLY SMOKES
@Faith
LUULU ?????!!!!
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH
chad pick
did u see this @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi)
no way
how
HAHA
where
where do i do that
i found it :>
can someone pin that ^
that one team goin cwazy rn
Pinned a message.

hylissang do not lock in soraka again please
1-9 baby, NA's back!
faker my beloved

humanoid my beloved
:missing:
been repping humanoid all split
he's my goat
T1 is so cool

NA 9-0
🙂
for my pickems i need c9 to pick up one more game and edg to beat fnc and t1

meiko thresh kinda smooth

soloq draft
EDG hype train

LMFAO "avert your eyes NA fans!!!"
rip my pickems
Rip my Pickems
that was such a fast game too 😭

faker my beloved
omg the meiko poster w the googly eyes

lol wtf
how did EDG get gapped that hard
im proud of T1 though
nvm
i figured it out
flandre is griefing

oh..
cloud 9
yikes.
"support so easy" - zven
oh hyli on enchanter
yikes
My Pickems in shambles
same
@Dean prayge
hm
i have no faith
sorry
im gonna wear an eg jersey all day but

Maybe I believed too hard in na
That's why c9 lost

wdym
c9 did great
they put NA on the board
no more 0-18
im optimistic NA can go 2-16
im feeling good about it
surely 100T doesnt lose to their arch nemesis
flying oysters
again right
no longer can I hope for 0-54 on tier 2 turrets 😦
bro we never believe in 100t
im a believer
1-2 100T
lets get it
eg wins a game before 100t does
yuck
XD
no shot
whos EG beating
G2?
kekw
JDG has to win worlds for me
im huffing JDG hopium
JDG and RNG
brother xiaohu
🙏
too bad im not a huge fan of any of the JDG players
maybe yagao
I'm mad at 369 for inting TES for a whole season

I'd be ok with rng winning worlds
But I'd rather T1, GenG, or Rogue to win
No hope for edg?
Gen G or Dk for me
:)
I mean
Edg, more like shit and balls
Or EG :KekW:
They clearly can’t beat T1
So
But I think t1 is the best lck team at worlds rn
In current form in this meta
Ye probably
Maybe someone else will knock out t1
Keria on yuumi lol
Get that guy on a tank
Keria in yuumi ❗
Fbi
????
I didn't say anything
:)
Uh huh

bet you feel dumb rn
G2 is even worse than i thought xdddddddd
EG literally has a sub pls
inspired gap i guess
my pickems in shambles
hope you're having fun though @Valor ❤️
no one beats eg 8 times in a row

Uh
That’s so grief did EG rly think they can go so deep in the jungle when floras running back
I guess they had no other option
No clue
I guess kanavi played rly wel
Maybe they thought e could burst him and leave
Oh my god
Sylas is so insane this game
Honestly
The fact that egs bot lane is losing is so rough
Egs top side is already so weak
How do they play the game
Like maokai fiddle cannot play the game
Lmao this is such a classic JDG game
JDG! 🥰
Sad such a huge draft gap gets ruined by another Kalista pick
And no fio ban when you’re playing for a hard team fight comp with Renata Maokai early is straight sun
Sun
Sin
Just put me in already

swag draft this is gona be a banger
@Noam trying ramen from Ichiriran!! Loving New York so far!
let's go
Na moment

For sure they will

holy shit lck looks
invincinble
they always look so good in groups
Malrang my goat
Sad Comp and Trymbi are forced to endure worst jungle world

rogue looks crazy
Rogue > DRX > TES
i think Rogue can beat Damwon as well
369 rolled a nine
9999999999999999999999999
Hater on the goat eu jg for zero smh my head
Jdg comeback
999999999999999999
:(
classic JDG game
so scrappy
Makes my Pickems happy but not me
so fun to watch
@hongbaabaa this you
Replace 369 with JKL and yes
For teddy

sio true

Wait did they do a tiebreaker for the bottom?

No they don’t
You just get it right if you had either
The only reason to do a tiebreaker there would be for Pickems which would feel shitty for the two eliminated teams
Only thing I’ve gotten wrong so far is c9>fnc
But my group with rogue is impossible to get right
this would be so funny
I mean yes
i agree that how bad it feels for the players is not nearly worth how funny it would be, as it wouldnt be like, that funny
and it would feel awful
but

All these malrang haters walking the earth for free
Smh my head

Gam draft lol

GAM BELIEVER
LETS GO
NO SHOT
misses most important smite of his life more like
^
bruh
that was literally so free
like how do you miss that
bruh okay I spoke too soon 💀
Holy shit
no fucking way
OHFDSYFODISHFEIWHFWE
HOLY SHIT
my pickems in shambles again 😔
i picked gam 3rd
but put rogue 4th
@Jar thinking you might owe me a skin
oh i didnt actually put them 3rd oops
i wanted to
@Jonah has was that in person LMAO
already best day of groups so far
That was fucking crazy
Everyone was standing and screaming
Bruh it was fucking nuts
that was honestly one of the best games of league ive seen
glad some of the scrims ppl got to see it
lmao tes losing to gam
hahaha
@hongbaabaa

YESSS
NASUS
wait who picked nasus
I honestly think he's criminally underplayed
for a scaling champ, he's still useful if shut down bc W and kinda E are way too useful
and you do have to pay attention
to him
LFGGG
this is a scrimzone lookin-ass draft
Rogue with the nasus support
Lmao Peter thinks it’s Nasus top
(Clueless)
oh huh
mb
Nasus top is useless in pro
Nasus vs heimer support legendary matchup
Also how tf did durability patch flip the Aatrox rumble matchup from impossible (40-60) for rumble to rumble favored in pro’s eyes
This is fantastic
Kingen goat 🐐
It’s actually absurd that they keep giving Aatrox akali to kingen and zeka
It’s so funny

That game was much less interesting
I would have loved to see it 🥲
Zeka kingen beryl god trio that game

Good day to be Trymbi
lfg syndra support
It’s so smart into heim
Sylas isn’t very good here
0 ults for him
Praying for drx win
Ah
Im in pain
Don’t worry teddy one year jkl will get back to finals

Bro
Kiaya is griefing

TES coach getting flamed on weibo xddddd

I think lck 4 seed is perma op
Or just deft
He was on both teams

Bruh
TES rly might’ve had a chance if they didn’t choke against gam
My day is immeasurably ruined and I will no longer be watching worlds
It’s actually a shame this team doesn’t get to play a single bo5
Sigh
Bro
Imagine being tes
Losing to gam
And then beating the 2 teams staying in
GAM won the game
By two nexus quotes
Autos
This is so shitty
EU saved by game lmfao
Jackeylove is a fraud /s
Rogue exposed today
Fr

Lol

Really funny that top won the next 2 games after they got elimmed
Jonah lmk how hype the tiebreaker is
my goat
sadge
at least I got it right that rogue was second 🌝

We left
Like at the beginning
? Bruh
A lot of people left
Weirdge
are you watching groups tomorrow too?
No
Must have been the lpl fans
True
i woulda left ngl
gone to go drink

Why did people leave?
Games not hype?
Top esports stopped playing
based
They went 2-1 on the day
Why are you upset
:)
its okay
im drinking
itll be fine
:)
JKL 🥲
He gapped tf out of deft
scrimzone pickems if you havent already joined
only 6 of you in there :Bonkcat:
i refuses
sd
i like how the number 2 on the celebrities list is a lewd cosplayer
also @Jar forest within is in last with 0 points LMAO
unfortunately its because he didnt pick anythign and not beause he managed to get everything wrong
LMAO

whats this for
pickems
🌝

My Pickems are really funny because it’s just coinflipped
@hongbaabaa
Oh rip
Another worlds bug?

Sorry he got out skilled
Not much I can say
worlds is the new pbe
the irony would be killer

NA NA NA NA

what if 100 wins against rng tho
I definatley think they can
Gala misplayed rly bad
i guess we'll see
holy hell what is happening this game
how is 100T not getting smashed
ok its ok
dunno they just lost baron fight
Holy shit xiaohu is snuffing
Smurfing
i hope they win tho
rng is doing fine
I’m so shocked rng won that fight
I’m pretty sure it’s a free win for 100T unless they team fight kinda bad like that
how did gala not get hit by that sera r
Sivir has no flash
if they cut down xiaohu
they win
What
Horrendous NA macro
Wtf is the point of burning so much for fiora
WHAT
Okay
and there we go
they win the fights who needs macro
Yeah idk why RNG took that fight they almost did it
WHY RNG
WHY
They don’t need to take that fight though
we cannot
cannot
have 100T doing the best out of NA
and RNG was my next favorite after Top
this hurts
i need them to i have them winning it
gg rng wins
thank god
I think that seraphine ult whiffed really hard
yeah
rip
could have been at least a 4 man
they have the last few fights
na throws once again
none of them look happy
Well played by 100T
LPL just better teamfighters tho
if xaiohu wasnt as fed as he was I think 100T wins
at least from the little bit I saw
yeah cause they did enough to gala to wins fights but xiaohu just tore them down
feels bad for summday

Gala is a demon
Bruh
💀💀💀
not the deadmans on viego
dean with 2 tho
too smart
:0
When do quarters open for pickems
prolly tmrw
makes sense

RNG T1 matchup
lets get it
brother xiaohu pull through
i have faith
TES sacrified to LPL gods for good bracket pulls

Why are the 2 teams i most wanted to see in semis playing each other in quarters
NOOOOOOOOOO
:(
At least this guarantees I get to see one of them

@Dean drx believers gang
ick
Kingen > Flandre i think
and Zeka >= scout
idk thats the only one im torn on
i might change my mind
RNG win
EDG win
JDG win
Easy LPL clap
uh huh
copium angle
I believe
RNG covid buff
I think EDG and JDG will win
and I think RNG have a serious shot at winning
everyone thought t1 was invincible at MSI
LPL king of bo5
I want rng to win so bad
I will literally meme on every LCK fan
if that happens again
it would be really funny
but
id like to see at least 2 korean teams
in semis
No
Lpl taking over

so apparently

LCS is getting booted to a weekday schedul
i guess riot has given up on NA
3-15 xd
I mean if it’s same format as lpl lck should be cool but idk

I think the idea is that they're giving weekend to valorant lol
Say it ain't so 😭

im not sure it is

awe flakked is a cutie 😦

its gonna be weird having jankos on another team

true but maybe he'll get a good team
Anything but vitality
fair enough
also not 100 thieves
id rather not see him rot on that roster

Just please retire and become a streamer before you go to NA retiring home
I don't want to have to root for an LCS team :smodge:

right?
he would make bank on an na team tho lol

Would he?
I don't know if that's necessarily true
I feel like he's still really good but not so overpeforming in his role that like everyone is going to grab at the chance of him taking up an import slot
doesn't lcs usually pay better than lec or did i make that up?
i swear i heard that somewhere
Yea
We are the money region baby
Tbf na just hires based off names not actual skill half the time
also china lol
I think c9 and tsm tried doing more no name imports in winsome and the Chinese players in spring
lcs pays more than any region

except lpl
chinese money baby
It depends on which player
Some players get paid an insane amount and some don’t at all
Like jackeylove and knight are insanely expensive but I’m sure mark and wayward don’t get paid very much
lcs has better guaranteed minimums and working conditions i think

That sounds about right
LPL has hardware though 🤠
Yea cuz they actually give a singular fuck about the game and grind fucking religiously while na does not
Eh grinding isn’t the main issue
Just lack of talent here
&ping is a big issue IMO
For laning
That’s the biggest gap
Laning phase
other regions being better because they play more is dumb and cope
if players from other regions had the healthier schedules that lcs players have they would be even further ahead of na
Not necessarily true
unless league players everywhere else are literally inhuman machines who dont function by the rules governing how everyone else learns and improves
^
That’s how they’re the best of the best
Americans are used to being lazy
You underestimate the power of telling people mental health issues aren’t real
telling people mental health issues arent real and then putting them in horrendous situations does get better results than putting people who know that mental health is real in those same situations
but not as good as just
taking care of your players
If this was true na would have a title
Surely
if chinese pros spent half as much time ingame as they do theyd be better
human beings are just not capable of intense focus for that long
Baked ass take ngl
maybe queue times are long enough for the reset to be ok :KEKW:
My argument is the small % of people who are capable of intense focus for that long are the ones outperforming us
also this
i've never understood the whole "x region doesn't have talent" thing
Na has talent we just don’t develop it
this could be true for some players but if it were youd expect at least 1 person in na to be able to do this, then do this, then go to a region where they do this and succeed
We give spots to people who don’t try to improve
Na just has a low league population
but there are 0 people from na in any other region
Unironically
yes
Other regions have more players than us
it is definitely way more about like
games importance in culture
in china and sk not only is league more popular but esports in general are more popular
Football !
so out of the playerbase (which is larger), a larger percent are actually trying to be pros
:trundle:
FOOTBALL
also ping diff
there are certainly people in na who have the potential to be top league players. definitely way more by raw numbers than in sk because of population size
the difference is that na doesnt give a shit, as a region
Creamcheese :KekW:
Ok but question, why not? Like what aren't they doing?
playing league
Playing Val instead
like literally the people who could be league pros are not playing league in na
because na doesnt care about league
Posting baked ass takes on abortion on twitter
godlike
or even if they are, theyre not taking it seriously
because na doesnt take league seriously
🔥
cuz otherwise there are 2 explanations for south korea
Organizm
:0
1. koreans are genetically predisposed to being good at league of legends (baked ass take)
little piss boy
2. korea is a country where esports is big and league is the biggest esport, so there are lots of people trying to be league pros, so they produce more top league pros
na is an fps region
^
They practice in schools or something
we are cracked at val cod and halo
not for csgo :KEKW:
We lost the Val season to Brazil
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Loud super team
welp we're just shit ig
but I would say fps games are much more popular that mobas here in general
guys let's all get into rts games
starcraft time????
do people still play starcraft?
if u wanna make the cultural argument theres something interesting that gets noted a lot especially in fighting games since they have a faster release cycle with big changes
I know top 30 starcraft player
As an European it was always hard for me to understand American culture. What was fascinating for me is that they like bragging about their freedom which was weird for me, because I didn't think that I have any less freedom than them. I always thought 'What is the difference'. However after this game I finally understand it. NA is just so fucking free.  {Reactions} KEKW (3)  [2022/10/19 午後 08:35] yuro na always does really really well at the very beginning of games
sorry he hasnt played in like 5 years
LS 😎
1) that's sick 2) in response to my message it could be that there are 30 players LMAO
when the meta is developing and its about trying new things and Boldly Going americans do really well
i love the na is so free copypasta
so good
then once the meta solidifies and it becomes about getting good at whats established
i can use it all the time
na disappears from the top
in fighting games its usually na doing well early and then japan takes over
for fps games this seems to be the case with europe
in league its korea and china
EU valo fell off
Vietnam soon :copium:
revenge for the war ig
deserved
colonizer
:3
When did we go to war with china
vietnam!
also. in 3 months :monkaS:
actually 3 weeks
I mean we’ve fought half of Korea and Vietnam so we gotta box all the good league regions
League finals
china is waiting for their league pros to get back from worlds then theyre going to invade taiwan
just like russia waited for the olympics to end before invading ukraine
was russia at the last olympics or were they still in trouble?
russian athletes were there
"russia" was not
how long does that last?
idr the original ban length but it could be longer now!

do you like not watch CS
hello?
Any Boston Major enjoyers
or like
Team Liquid probably being the third best team in the world rn
not since like 2014
basically youre owned
NA second best region world i think
could be wrong
fucked up
should be lower
fuck na
YO LMAOOOO
Na even has a bigger player base than Korea no
lower percent by population i think
You legit only have to look at champions queue, some pros don't even play on the low ping enviroment they have begged for Lmao
Na has the tools and the resources to be the best but they don't fucking bother LMAO
Imagine being the team that spent the most fucking money for a league team in the world and not even qualifying for worlds LMAO
The UPenn mid laner is playing with faker rn 😮
Neo hide on bush
faker urf real
@Russ 's midlaner played w faker last week. got diced
Yeah it’s actually him
wait it actually is
where is guma 😢
cool website

Not the Aryan pride bruh moment

Average League player colonizer moment
Never thought I’d see twink and Beethoven on the same image
Could you classify Beethoven as a twink
No absolutely not
Good to know LMAO

yah this team made it over TES
what a joke xdddddddd
EU EU
youre so mad
teddy the prophecy has foretold
once per year one lpl team must flop and not make quarters
Im malding. Absolutely fuming
Sacrificed to the LPL gods i understand
But why did it have to be TES
:/
Sacrifice JDG instead
on god
guess i dont get to see a western team at semis
not that i was expecting to but
full lpl/lck semis is gonna be fucking hype
@hongbaabaa

lol

Kekw
EU XD
Yea this isn't ur goat jg guys?
Smh my Head

Is this male and
Malrang
Yea LMAO

last game actually clean by rogue
good attempt
BRO WHAT
369 MALPHITE ULT ON ORNN HAHA
hes so crazy
oh im fucking stupid
is yagao's name actually named after tooth paste
Yea
or is there some deeper meanign im missing here
thats funny lmao
It's toothpaste in Chinese
yeah ik im chinese
i was just wondering if he actually just named it after toothpaste or if its slang or smthn lol
Do you speak Mandarin at all lmao
通过了中文学校💪
普通话还可以
Ok my reading isn't that good LMAO
一般般吧
I'm too white washed for that
L
It's why I'm going back to the motherland
But island version
Same thing
Jk jk
Jokes jokes
LOL
Wild
Mainlander wants to suppress the tiny islander
Smh
@Dean ur gonna allow this colonization smh
Get good kid
Didn’t you get carried to d4 by a colonizer smh
Actually idk what ethnicity Sam is
LMAO
Maybe
Im not built like my Chinese ancestors I had to get carried by the white man
Wait is that traditional or simplified

Simplified
Ain’t no way I know how to write simplified
dont you mean traditional lmao

Oh yeah traditional
MB
traditional looks swag tho
@hongbaabaa
😦
Poor tian

I need rng to win this
Please
#T1Fighting

It’s ok rng is back online

#T1Fighting
:0
Oh wow gumayusi rly picked xayah just to counter Kai sa
That’s bold
Oh actually xayah is cracked into rng comp
casters said it wasnt a counter matchup but like
p sure its really good for xayah
I prefer xayah into Kai sa
me too
Oh what just happened lol
I’m not watching the game but somehow t1 won with a huge gold deficit haha
wiped rng at elder
and zeus stole a baron
Dang
im crying
😭
Reverse sweep reverse sweep!!

holy fuck i get to see t1 vs jdg
im so excited man
holy
it would have been better as rng jdg
i cri
lpl fans are feeling like the famous guy rn

Why lol
Rng is the 4th seed
It would’ve been an upset anyways
tes 🦀 rng 🦀
edg is next
i will be actually upset if EDG loses to DRX
its kinda cringe that NA just dickrides LCK cuz their own region can't win (not talking about you an just NA fans in geenral)
Yes. Yes i do :chadjack:
like its actually so funny to me when NA players flame LPL
cuz thats the only sense of superiority they can get cuz their small dick region went 3-15
koreans played on na before they go their own server so if u think about it kr is basically na
it feels like NA players on twitter are like
so toxic to LPL
idk why
like I see so much flame towards LPL constantly
its the escalating tensions probably
na flame towards china is a lot worse outside of league i think

I got hype for damwon last year because of Khan's last worlds so I've just been on the lck train ever since

The real take is to support eu and na inject a bunch of copium
If you think lpl isn't the best region by a mile ur just delusional LMAO
tbf i think LCK is gonna win this year
sudden level up
Yea but wasnt regional play better for lpl
but still i think ppl shit on LPL for no reason even though thye've won the majority of international tournaments recently
yes
LPl is crazy to watch
JDG TES
3-2
3-2
they played each other 2 times and both were the most banger bo5 ever
GenG vs T1 was like
pathetic to watch
ruler 1 v 9

Showmaker vs Chovy :0
Ruler and Nuguri both in the game
I’m so
Excited

Damwon predictions???
So Sadge that gen g worlds jersey sold out like instantly
Time to wait for aliexpress rip off :Sadge:
Leaving yuumi up for lehends LMAO
RYZE
@An

RYZE ??
ryze hack.........
My friend told me ruler rushed BT?
yeah lmao
its based

why do they just run this back LOL
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Swain pick goated here
Knew it was over in draft :Sadge:

GEN G JINX AZIR LFG :LFG:
Chovy more like choky
No melee with sejuani :smodge:
????
The draft was the issue LOL
Didn't he get wiped by showmaker last game
Yeah b/c they drafted 4 melee into swain
I'm not watching just something I saw on twitter
(Nami and Lucian are melee)
It was piped for him no matter what lol
Was there a part of the game where showmaker gets 4 kills and chovy is top farming on azir

nope couldnt be

If Valor is our Faker, is Mason our Canyon?

yes.
cylako is our viper maybe
(both play teemo)
I'm tian
Xd
playoff choker?
Thats probably a lie my champ pool is closer to canyons xd
At least I've made it everytime xd
oh
wow
2-2
I hope damwon wins
Choky back at it again
Canyon my goat

i meant that he got 4 bans on him lol
holy shit no way they can get this
im gonna lose my mind
sholy shit
this series might as well be finals
so fucking insane
thats what we said about damwon t1 and they lost to edg last year
rip my pickems but holy shit damwon are so fun to watch rn
who do you have winning
geng lol
same
they win
ez
for groups
but I put EDG as my long shot for overall winner :glasses:
DKDKDKDKDDKDK
gen g gen g gen g
im wearing my ruler jersey
pls
oh theres no way DK wil lwin this
i believe in deokdam supremacy
but my pickems will be happy if geng win
I have damwon for pickems
damn chovy is legit 100 cs a full item up
holy shit
uh
what an insane game
that was too impatient
RULER MY GOAT
RULER MY GOAT
chovy was my pick for best KDA :clean:
RULER ON LUCUAN
HOLLLLY
That was sick
Russ is sober.
holy fuck man
that series was insane

Choky strikes again
sure he did
Peanut??
Hello??
Did you watch peanut g3 and g4?? Almost g5 too??
yeah its rough
he looked so much better in spring/ early summer
I watched none of those games I will not cap
then stfu!
liberal
:ziggslibs:
/s
I just like choky it's funny
no lifing watching esports has paid off or something
Ofc I’m gonna lose all of it when drx lose but
I can hope
The rewards are actually hot shit for anything but top 5k tho

drx will win

😢

first blood into int true combo
XD?
The solo queue special baby

fuck these guys omg the throw
why they do that

NO SHOT
insane
had to pause my lecture to watch that
that was insane
I genuinely do not care who wins this series, but that was tragic
Deserved for t1 robbing rng of game 2
LPL gods looking out for us 👏
CHINESE INHIBITOR HACK 上帝的旨意 PERFECT RESPAWN
big dick draft from drx
come onnnnn
my pickems

Holy
I just saw what happened
This is why TEs was sacrificed to the LPL gods
They gave us good fortune
:(
OK HERE WE GO
LETS GOOOO :LFG:
MY PICKEMMSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DRX WIN
what if the ego tp cost them the game tho LOL
avoiding the 3-0 very fun at least
LLAMA TIME
first career win on draven was on blind pick draven ?!?!?!
LOL
holy
i have 52 points on pickems is that good
DR(AVEN)X
uh
its like top 30%
cool
i just picked random shit for it lmao
graph
nice
dean and i are gonna skyrocket in percentile after drx wins this one
truth
i think it would put me in top 5000
im making it into S tier and ur getting top 5000
unless everyone already in top 5000 are also drx believers
reverse sweep reverse sweep
they have 25% global pickers
sadge if the nexus hp makes them lose
oh today drx?
i put them in for my pickems for today
my goat
very intelligent pick
i picked my teams based on the vibes
drx has good vibes
i just know ls is malding rn
huge

Ill say it. I don't care.
Deft can have my kids.
⁉️
im sorry was i unclear
the original of that was the i dont care that you broke your leg right
or something
@Dean im gonna say it. i dont care that you broke your elbow.
thats the original thing lol
ah
thanks
DOUBTERS BE DAMNED
SILVER SCRAPES
:LFG:
SILVER SCRAPES
SILVER SCRAPES
SILVER SCRAPES
SILVER SCRAPES
SILVER SCRAPES
SILVER SCRAPES
SILVER SCRAPES
SILVER SCRAPES
DRX WIN !!
DRX WIN !!
DRX WIN !!
DRX WIN !!
DRX WIN !!
scout looks very unwell
edg looking on the ledge
BEDOO BEDOO BEDOODO BEDOODO
If both EDG and my league team lose their bo5s today I’m gonna kms
you lost today?
turn ur luck around by clapping us on tuesday
Sorry I'm going to study peanut vods so I can win series like him xd
no shot they lock akali into sylas
the ego here
holy shit
Yeah honestly I kinda got gapped g2
Actually not kinda I got rly gapped
lol
dm me post games?
ZEKA
oh for groups
i had group b and c both completely correct
:smodge:
let's fucking go
B was an easy one to predict
C i dont know how the hell you got that one
i guessed LMAO
still!
its all based on the vibes
guessing 2 perfectly correct is such a low chance
mimi just built different i guess
1/20 or so if you factor in ties
yeah
skill diff
viper is so fucking good holy shit
i somehow got like
-1 point on everything cuz of "late picks"???
w/e
im cracked
BIG
that's crazy
i forgot about the china flop era
should have known tian would throw again
i dont know why i got -1 point for late picks
skill issue probably
but they werent even late
i did them all early
this
w/e
5% :D
worst case you lose an emote off of it or something
its w/e i dont have huge stakes in this im happy to get anything out of it lol
SOLOBOLO
SOLOBOLO
1 for each
:)
LFGLFGLFGLFGLFG
Lol I told my friend
That EDG 100% loses that dragon fights
damn I just can't win
All ultimates burned
There’s no way they can win it
SOLOBOLO SOLOBOLO SOLOBOLO
SOLOBOLO SOLOBOLO SOLOBOLO SOLOBOLO
ZEKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
DRX throws this some how
shut up shut up shut up
I believe in EDG :copium:
I want the reverse sweep so bad tho
Nah EDG lost
Terrible dragon fight
Sylas too strong there he cleans up so easy
No lulu aphelios sejuani ult
????
How can you expect to contest
hong are we watching the same game?
how far behind are you
ur like 5 mins back
lmao
A bit behind I stopped watching lol
then why are you talking 😭
turn this on and watch pls
I refuse
EDG doesn’t deserve to win tbh
Standing by this
that viper scream was so hard
Imma need viper to get a bigger backpack rq
just throw everyone in
holy shit this is so tense
PYOSIK
sladffnhblkoasjhfbsalijdf
ZEKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
fuck
feels bad
That was sick as fuck
ZEKA BELIEVER
drx looks so sick though this'll be a sick semis
I cri
have been since lck gauntlet
im
DRX
so
DRX
DRX
fucking
DRX
DRX
happy
DRX
DRX
holy
shit
AND WITH BIG DICK DRAFTS EVERY GAME
I just want my boy viper to win
LETS
RFUCKING
\GO
i still don't understand the akali pick
why did scout have to turbo grief
The fucking smite I thought drx was actually gonna throw
you're counter picking yourself and sylas is his best champ
they had sejuani
i think thats the logic
was edg #1 LPL?
#3 lol
DRXDRXDRXDRXDRXDRXDRXDRXDRXDRX
Ok I didn't think so
that was
such a good series
JDG > TOP > EDG > RNG
and
GEN G > T1 > DK > DRX
were the 2 results
and RGE > G2 > FNC > MAD 🙂
🙂
Lets goooo
LOL
Bro he posted that Akali is the better side of the matchup so I think my mans is just losing it LOL
imagine ignoring showmaker
wtf is happening with this interview
I just had it muted
@hongbaabaa
OMG
ok drx has to win worlds now
dont care about my pickems
C9 > 100T > EG :copium:
OWNED
All 17 said edg?
Trolling
Lol
I’m 86 pts rn
UR IN TOP 5000 NOW
LETS GOOOOOO
I can just pick the more common choice and probably guarantee the Azir skin xd
Also DRX 3 reverse sweeps in a row is nuts
AGH now i cant decide on semis picks
Team is so fun to watch
T1 Gen g
my pickems say gen g
but my heart says drx
If drx makes a full gauntlet run to win worlds that would be like
Legit insane
Greatest worlds run of all time
Basically unbeatable
3 reverse sweeps in the run too
i want to pick drx so bad
but i cant do it
C9 BALLS??????????
Yeah!
Pentadunk
i need the deft storyline
if drx wins i will commit rope
^
Ruler vs faker finals rematch would be so cool
Would run back the first worlds I watched
The series that made me love Varus and ruler
worlds finals being a runback of lck finals would be really funny
both lck finals actually LOL
consider also: we should want jdg to win because as soon as all the chinese players go home china will make a move on taiwan, as long as jdg is in it delays the invasion
Yes huge storyline
It’s not that deep
but what if it is though
Why would China make a move on something that is already part of it? 🤔
russia waited for the olympics chinas waiting for worlds
LMAO
:smodge:
guy who believes in One China but that the taiwanese government should rule the mainland
name of: every old person in taiwan probably
potentially true
ill ask my senile grandparents if they agree
i would not do that
I would
you should ask masons senile grandparents this
Yes
give em a call
Mason drop their WhatsApp
surely the combined abilities of their english and your chinese will be adequate
bro you didnt even name the correct messaging app lmao
:)
@hongbaabaa look at this Caucasian clown not knowing the asian messaging app
Wechat?
You can’t even read Chinese
shhh
i can
kinda
not really
LOL
wait
微信
theres a couple
What is the “right” one
@Dean devious specialty scrim idea
No
mason teddy captains
mainland vs roc
This one
LMAO
🆗
surely this question will not incite any kind of geopolitical tensions!
theres line too xd
oh wait i thought u meant. version of chinese
my bad
@hongbaabaa you on line
Mason vs Teddy (scrims ethics violation speed run)
reading comprehension
Like is Japanese
yes!
Yeah I have linen
Like
Line
I only talk to Japanese ppl on it
all my asian friends use line idk
LMAO
masons senile grandparents on discord
LMAO
basically
This
Invite them to scrims
They’d love Blake
get them to play league
WHY ARE THESE RANDOM CHINESE GUYS IN THE SERVER
They have no place in the lore
Random gladiator ass
quote from xi jinping, referring to the people of taiwan before invading
56 points smoge
:smodge:
so close
babe we're violating scrims ethics so hard in here tonight
huh
what
join in its so fun
An did we both get perfect quarters
yes!
Pog
we are so smart and cool
wtf is goingon
Did anyone else in the scrim leaderboard
china vs taiwan scrims 😄
is it too late to join scrimleaderbaord
Who are we doing this to at the scrims meetup
No
you
magic link ?
im in 6th :o
I’ve posted it like 3 times Sadge
better than expected
ive never claimed to be smart
i cant wait to get like 0 points for crystal ball
same
yeah i wonder what the thresholds for top 5000 will be
also theres points for 2nd and 3rd for those
@hongbaabaa
based
@Dean

Lol
True
Losers bracket supremacy
Damn
Ok t1 Gen g and then Gen g wins worlds
And I get top 5k
:)
what's icysabre
like where'd that come from

riot id
is me

if your picks werent almost certainly the same as everyone else in contention for top 5000 maybe but i think it may be over
enjoy your 50 event tokens 😄
get an epic champion shard 😄
or 500 whole be !!

i mean
i think finals is probably gonna be a pretty split prediction
so if i get the next 3 right i should be good

T1 3-0 JDG
thats my prediction

LOL
I hope you’re right
Huge lpl poster in the parking lot
T1 is too coordinated for JDG to take advantage of
And t1s individual laning phases are too strong for kanavi to get ahead
Unless t1 flips a rly bad herald fight I don’t see jdg getting any angle
wait thats sick LMAO

:)

Waoooo
Met sjokz too !
Should have kept Live Photos on all the still frames are not great

Yoo I love Sjokz, what was the event?

Hotline league live
dean meets a woman irl

Lmao
Dean meets a woman for the first time

:soydean:

Flying oysters hoodie spotted
What should I do tonight I already know I’m gonna be in a bad mood
There is 0 chance im watching the jdg t1 game lmao
Lol
What if jdg wins and you missed it
Jersey I have seen the most is 100T LMAO
Then T1 and C9 is third
Someone pulled up in a fizz onesie
Could have been me :(
Surprising amount of g2
Clg doublelift jersey?!?!
I’ll watch the replay
LOL
And then make a twitter just to shit talk NA fans
SMODGE
I believe in you I just don’t believe in jdg
Found another damwon fan :0
@hongbaabaa found a jackey jersey enjoyer
🥰🥰

Right by the desk !
Who’s casting

Analyst is caedrel markz Emily and dash
Don’t know casters yet
Phreak better not be casting
Literally the worst caster get him out of there
Phreak Kobe vedius
L take
Nami locked JDG 3-0
GALIO CAMILLE LFG
I hope you’re joking
That man is a griefed
Griefer
All he does is say “that sucked”
Even tho he’s hardstuck plat

Holy shit
@hongbaabaa I think you should watch, actually
Jacula
You called it!
Winning draft wins game?????
No way!!!!!!
Almost like Lucian Nami Vi are shit
I think vi was not necessarily the issue
But Lucian nami is dog
Vi was an issue
Well
T1 comp was an issue
Yes
Picking Galio Camille williningly into Lulu
Dive into lulu
Yeah
Azir gp would have been fun
kanavi diff
nah lucian nami is broken
gumayusi is just bad at it not even joking
ruler lucian nami is like crazy
ok well at least JDG don't get 3-0ed
T1 3-1
🙂
if the game goes even in laning phase then JDG are usually favored IMO
best team fight team at worlds
i guess counter picking zeus is smart
although i guess every series with JDG in it will always be entertaining lol
My take was it was bad ruler is just good lol
nah jackeyliove and ruler lucian nami
hits diff
jackeylove lucian nami against
was it DRX
This didn't age well
Well
It was fun to watch
That’s all I cared about
JDG 2-0
T1 Gen g cosplay?????
Oh god oh fuck

Oh ok for once I am not sad about lpl

yooo kanavi
wait i didn't know first strike sylas was a thing
yeah you just go first strike when conq would be bad
Oners poppy is crazy
wait what happened
that ult was so sick
Flashed to cancel Sylas e2 on zeus
I tuned in went to go eat and then this is the gamestate
that was such a good tp flank
nvm i lied
ryze is so broken
Inhibs are lcks greatest weakness
💀
that was a  good try
by 369
yeah it was a cool play
Cancer Belveth build loses another game
Faker Ryze :deanpog:
what a hype series so far
ryze is so broken. hes allowed to do that play and then win
nahh h
ryze didnt do shit that game except for out macro them with his ult
sylas is way more broken
thats why you pick him
i mean yeah but you have to be so good at him
ryze prio is also so low rn faker is just good
And Chovy
@hongbaabaa someone dressed up as toothpaste for yagao LOL
Only had to wait 2 games for a TSM chant
TSM
999
LMAO

nobody beats korea but korea god damn it

I wanna see Gen G win worlds without having played an LPL team seeded higher than 4th LMAO
Would be so funny
Good try by JDG
Like I said
T1 is very clean and JDG struggles when they can’t have chaos lol
ryze picked at the game im not watching :smodge:
who won
T1 3-1
Ryze 2 wins in a row then banned
So close

i'm top 20% and tied with jacob

We're both so smart!!!

im in top 20%

im at lower end of s

Arcane Viktor cosplay?!

Fellow ruler jersey wearer Pog

@hongbaabaa Doinb hinted that JKL got an extension
yooo thats super cool
where is it at? new york still?
Atlanta I think?
Yeah Atlanta
Here are my seats from yesterday
Not sure who the 3rd is
Man Drakos and Caedrel duo cast has to be my absolute favorite
Gen g wining with these jerseys would be hilarious
@Michael @Logan they remind me of our club team lol

U right, they really need a batter logo
Nah it’s actually goated
They have they actual logo on the back

Let’s go !

The crowd is insanely drx favored lol
Sucks for them ig
Peanut also insanely drx favored

Goddamn

@hongbaabaa I’m starting to feel your pain
Let's fucking gooo
surely they throw
Sage time drx
i need gen g for my pickems but in my heart i want drx
I’m gonna channel hong if Gen g loses and get blackout drunk tonight

Choky return or what xd
holy shit
let's go
This game
hurts
this game feels good

@Dean homie check
um
chovy?
*choky?
my pickems in shambles but my heart is soaring
my pickems absolutely popping
I SHOULDVE TRUSTED MY HEART
I SHOULDVE
im so sorry
We need to do an emergency check in on dean jones
I have faith T1 will curbstomp
dude our points might end up legit identical
So sick
Both pick t1 for finals?
no lmao
i need to think about it
might have to believe in drx supremacy
I’m crying in the stadium rn
you okay homie?
No
:(
Seeing ruler cry broke me I think
well my pickems are mor fucked
butg
drx is so wholesome

It’s ok this way we don’t experience sad drunk dean at the meetup
My hopes are already pre-crushed
for finals i can vote for both who i think will win and who i want to win

wait fuck how do i choose
faker my beloved……

this worlds has to be scripted right xd
imagine if TES didn't lose to fucking bug
im pretty sure they would've beat out DRX and RGE in a tiebreaker
DRX kinda scaled tho gotta give it to them
lol i feel like it doesnt matter if Knight leavs
im pretty sure TES cannot afford knight anymore cuz he already took a pay cut to stay on the team
knight :(
man this TES roster has such a high skill cap
tian dirty flipper 😠
canyon instead of tian'
and we keep knight and Jackeylove
just print money to do so
Hatred on the goat in my Christian scrim zone????
xDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
bring back karsa
pls
Surely we aren't goat slanderers in here smh
also why is 369 smurfing after he leaves TES
went from shit champ pool to biggest champ pool at worlds
How many world championships does karsa have HMMMM
karsa is probably one of the best junglers career wise
as in has been in form for so many years
many junglers fall out of form rly fast
what would the lpl superteam be
V5 should've made worlds but rich decided to start rolling in playoffs
lol superteams are kinda dog
yeah
tbh TES is basically a super team
Almost like riot McDonald's burgerflips the role every year xd
maybe 369 for wayward but honestly wayward is pretty good
TL superteam meta
and karsa is somehow good in every meta
Maybe, I don't watch lpl I'm just here to clown on tian LMAO
LPL super team probably 369, kanavi, knight or rookie,
Ill pick JKL cuz i think he has the highest ceiling, realistically viper
support is whatever all of them are about the same
terrible super team tho
actually i think knight/369/kanavi could work
its not like knight needs a lot of resources
but yagoat is good
i don thtink replacing him with knight will make a noticeable diff
My toothpaste king
Always able to elim them dirty euros with good dental hygiene/s
Is karsa like the jankos of lpl
wdym by that
Super consistent jungler who is flexible in a lot of metas
yeah probably
karsa had made every single worlds that he played until the last two worlds
w/ TES maybe partially his fault
w/ V5 I just think team underperformed as a whole
had a great regular season
Yea
im still S tier by 1 point lets gooooo
just need t1 to win and ill be chilling

Only way for me to make 5k is to bet on drx
Who I want to win anyway
Same minus the 5k part

How do you not want skt to win??
*calls them skt* :smodge:
t1 ez dub
How do you not want drx to win?!
Deft last dance
Pyosik is gods gift to league of legends
Beryls sick
Zeka and kingen are nuts in this meta
6th seed lck -> worlds champ is like the greatest storyline ever especially with deft winning a year after his old team did idk
Shit would be so cool
T1 can win next year or something
DRX DRX DRX
I like Kingen and Beryl so I want DRX to win 🙂
My hierarchy was Gen G > DK > EG > DRX > T1 > RNG
all i see is dickriding
😎
I’ve been on the drx train since worlds quals man
if faker plays next year idc if he loses this year
Questioning my faith for an lck team is sinning
i just want him to win his last season
He’s gonna win Asian games and get exempt next year lol
i dont know what that means
If they get a gold medal they don’t have to do military service b/c of an Olympic exception
holy i didn't know that

Pyosik win=kindred skin
Therefore drx win
Thanks for understanding team
Akali/Sylas skin too
Kingen probably Aatrox/ornn
Beryl heimer?
Glad that fraud choky got gapped tho kekw
It was sad to watch
Maybe he’ll get his nerves in check next year
He looked better last year and on griffin
That flash Ryze ult has me giggling no cap
Deft Ezreal?
PRESTIGE Deft Ezreal??
It was so hard to watch
I mean no way he chooses anything other than jinx right?
OH SHIT HE HASNT PLAYED HER
oh no
Could be finals
Anyways
If it is Ezreal I want there to be a special line for hitting nexus when inhibs are about to spawn back
He has so many champions that would be iconic for him
But jinx is like
His champ
Unfortunate that he hasn’t played her but I’m sure riot would make an exception
The rule is that you have to do 2 games on the champ isn't it
I thought it was 1
Idk
Probably googlable

Nooooo I would totally bug Drx jinx
But
Buy
Right?!?!
I’m probably just buying the bundle regardless of who wins

drx…,,. i vote for u (i have 4 days to change my mind)
dude im cracked
:deanpog:
yoooooooo
congrats
holy shit beryl

mr flexible

Odds its a heimerdinger skin
are they allowed to have multiple worlds skins for the same champ
2 different faker ryze skins pog
plz soraka skin
feel like they would make it the prestige at that point
T1 Yuumi sounds really really funny
I think Yuumi needs another one
they cant have the same skin for the same team, but same champ for different teams is fine
not sure if that applies for t1 and skt but probably not allowed
It's Faker tho
Surely if there's an exception to the rule it's for him
unless he plays ryze in all of the finals games it would be silly of him to pick ryze again, because that wasnt super imnpactul on his worlds
ok but it would be funny.

Isn’t there skt azir and t1 azir already?
is there?
I’m like 90% sure there’s an skt and t1 skin of the same champ not sure it’s azir tho
it's all labelled skt t1
there aren't any t1 skins without the skt label
Huh
My b ig
you're good I was curious too

no they won all of the championships as skt t1
they changed in like 2019ish
im a drx fan now

worlds is scripted actually
look at star walkin
so obviously about drx
ur not slick riot
oh my god there are a few people at the top of the pickems who have perfect picks but the coin chose for them in playins so theyre not eligible for the skin package
tragic

i hope DRX wins
me too !!!!!!!!!!!

bruh

He's getting the int out of the way

FNC is apparently getting rid of hyli lol
for rhuckz
honestly rhuckz was kinda cracked at worlds
more consistent than hyli
also apparently bjergson, spica, and doublelift are on the same team again

surely it will go well this time

surely
Cad :3
cad!
Yeh
Oh this is eSports lol

oh im such a big fan
YOUR MOM IS A WRITER?

ye shes written 2 books
and has won an award for her first one
:D
That's so sick!!!!

Book names?

one is on the desk
use ur eyes
Damn bro thanks
How about the other one

Fyi, when varus blind stole the baron, it had 800 then 400 health and pyosik didn't smite
Pyosik based fr
He was saving smite for 2023 worlds
Truedge
When you select drx kindred it should unequip smite in lobby
Is Zeka picking Akali or sylas?
my guess would be sylas
I would hope so
But people are saying Beryl pressured him into picking a waifu

Akali
Is what he said in the interview
Aatrox kindred akali Caitlyn Ashe maokai
But meiko swapped his pick last minute last year so could change
No edg lulu :smodge:

he picked akali

beryl, malding at kingen for not picking a waifu
No words …
Wow
I’m gonna go cry now
:(
It's okay
Now you can support a team that doesn't burn out in worlds
If it’s dk ruler I will
Be so happy
Any other team and I will be kinda Madge
Chances seem good
I mean I’m still gonna be a Gen g fan I just
Maybe they get overtaken by rulers new team
But idk man
Hard to comprehend
Gen G is rumored to get kanavi and viper no?
Wait that’s 4/5 of old griffin then
Gen g still favorite team :deanpog:
See no reason to be sad
I just really wanted a black and gold tiger themed ruler skin
Would be pretty Pog, I'd need to start following lck
Good I hope so
Why haven’t you been :smodge:
Lec Stan :smodge:
But I want to start cheering for teams that have a chance at winning worlds :smodge:
Surely i will become a TL fan
Wait where was the tweet where an lec caster said LEC got suspended on twitter for impersonating a major region
That one
Wait I just realized what the joke was 💀💀
I'm tired, my signals exam kicked my ass
Lol I wish you a speedy recovery

ruler to tsm
Stop
I’ll off myself
p sure damwon can't afford ruler
unless they can find someone to sell deokdam to lol
seems like a roster doomed to fail tbh
that GenG roster doesn't look that good
I can’t imagine that would be hard
why yall hatin on tsm
I’m hating on NA
the best region in the world?
for what
I’m sad enough my favorite player leaving favorite team least he can do is stay in my favorite region
faker said so
😄
deft retires, drx ruler
Nah
Even if it’s bad it’s still a larger griffin reunion which is cool
they probably bought him for a lot of money
b/c deokdam was rly god
good
Maybe ns won’t fall off this year
I mean I bet they can retain at least 70% to another top team idk

SIGNALS XD L BOZO SIGNALS CRINGE
Ty for that
imagine majoring in an electrical adjacent field
Is that a car battery
Random aside look at this battery for my senior design class
Kinda
Couldn't be me
@Olaf (Erik O.) plus your phone into it
Plug*
Okie will do
My favorite past time is using a 9V battery as a handwarmer
Do you know the trick
Sorry An my power supply is cooler
you know whats even cooler though
I use my laptop for that it runs like an engine
the rock that will shortly be embedded in your skull 😄
sorry that was mean
you will find 7lbs of glitter in your bathtub by the end of the week
@Olaf (Erik O.) do you know the 9V battery trick?
Like just putting 2 9 Vs together?
Raw connection
No no
If your hands are cold you can make a temporary hand warmer with a 9V and a quarter
put your tongue across the terminals of a 9v battery
NOTE TO ALL MY NON ELECTRICAL FRIENDS DO NOT DO THIS
Oh that's fine I did that and nothing happened
LMAO
i mean
that is true
good idea! i will try this out next time i am on an airplane
one time on co-op someone made a PCB for me to test but they put in a transistor wrong and I tested it and it shot up and broke the blast shield
So that was cool
I’m really good at almost killing myself with electrical equipment
Everything a 5th year EE needs to succeed
Can't wait to mess with 480V for my student org
Right Kathy
Dude you won’t know true fun until you use like an analog ramping 120V portable device
They’re so fun they make a funny noise
h u h
And if you ramp it up too fast and you will catch the building on fire
Oh wait were you not there
no
Sounds fun, I'm considering taking power delivery classes
r u talking ab science olympiad or umdloop
We put up all the blast shields around the tbm and had to hunker down in case something blew up
i was there for the hydraulics testing
but not that
Between the hydraulics and our wacky 480V connections I'm surprised no one's been hurt more than some scratches
i heard the story though multiple times from edward
What a riveting eSports conversation guys
Surely Dean will not be mad :smodge:
Can’t get mad at the admin or something

more like genshin gaming
:smodge:
This is the worst reality

Ruler would be cool
Lehends can stay in Korea we dont need him 😔

Bruh

Hmmmmmm
JDG maybe?
Missing and hope were kind of liabilities

thats what i heard yeah

BLG possible too
BLG is rich asf

Caught my neck fr
So I guess it’s heretics Jankos or he’s gone from EU?

HRT ⁉️

Lmao
Nobody wants alpha right?
Alphari

All those teams are pretty fucking good
Eu will be very fun

G2 Buy out too high. He's going to be a streamer this split

Bruh
It's similar to The Reckless G2 situation. But Kay Corp was willing to pay a lot of money to buy him out additional eg2 also blocked reckless from being picked up by fanatic that year. I'm not sure if there's anything

g2 is making it really hard to support them
like you see other regions prefer the competitiveness of their region over profits (gen.g letting Ruler go is a huge example) meanwhile G2 and other european teams fuck over their regions to maintain money and their top spot
blocking perkz and rekkles from fnatic is cringe, setting stupid high buyouts AND encouraging your players to take pay cuts so you can pick up fancy free agents is even more cringe
like imagine if there wasn't an incentive for EU players to go to NA because that's the only region that's willing to pay for their buyouts and a huge chunk of your talent pool didn't go to NA to atrophy their skills playing in the graveyard
wait upset is nto playing?
Maybe lcs
i think it's bc of all the drama he's had

I WANNA PLAY NEXT SCRIM LD:

oh shit our league team is playing against BLG for a showmatch lol
time to get absolutely clapped
Like
Bilibili?
yeah
3.比赛对手：BLG全队 ：bin、weiwei、fofo（can）、doggo、crisp

Crazy

Wait holy shit
When?
Sadge that uzi isn’t playing
yeah he's gonzo
11/21 i think
Ok
I’ll be watching

watch party?
So down
Down
Now who looks silly
BDS Put Adam back in? 😂😂
I mean their midlaner is literally nuclear int so
Following the trend

wait is heretics top Evi from DFM?
also BDS shouldn't be in the league replace them with KCorp
it better not be
evi is...not good
he's like a two trick
VIT will be insane i bet
rip alphari i guess

His thumbs up is a banger though

Heretics also has Flakked as their back up adc, so I don't think that money was an issue for them
The Gnar one trick himself
Armut on steroids
NOT ANOTHER ONE WTF
my two favorite players of all time leaving their teams
:(

i am not a fan of nuguri lol

His klepto era is what made me a fan ngl
DK RULER DK RULER DK RULER
isnt ruler going to lpl
As soon as it happens im shipping the mf jersey from Korea on god
Shhh
No
im pretty sure DK wants viper
Nope!
Surely not
viper is better anyways imo
Ruler will not go to lpl :(
I mean either way im copping
2 favorite adcs of all time
I’m not buying the ruler lpl leak until it’s confirmed lehends is leaving Gen g
Also I hope he doesn’t leave I really don’t wanna have to watch lpl :smodge:
Viper is on jdg still from what I read
Still?
He was never on jdg
Yea
Oh
Edg
Zzz
Same team
yeah i mean I think he should go to v5
tbh
Flamed out at worlds
I’ve heard he’s going to lck from like 12 different sources
🥱
The ruler lpl was just from Doinb
I just gotta know where dig got so much money frim
Armut Santorin jensen
Did they find a pot of gold somewhere
It was also rumored they weren’t spending this year
Mr beast

dean racism arc continues
I just don’t wanna watch more than 2 leagues
And lpl is 2 leagues on its own
just watch every game from every league
and u wont have to worry about how to split your time
I wish man
Someone offer me a job as a league analyst and I’ll do that like
Based roster or nah
Armut???
Spawn + Ignar LFG :LFG:

The changes to LEC and PCS are actually huge
fr
im expecting a new worlds/msi format this year for sure
LEC will actually have bo3s to play
theres no other reason to do those changes
turkey, russia and OCE getting basically absorbed into tier 1/2 regions is actually kinda crazy
but def a good change
maybe theyll do that with Brazil and Latin America as well
LMAO
It’s gonna go horribly and hes gonna retire in one year XD
Such a hater for zero
That’s me
Chronic hater
I love doublelift but
No faith in retired pros
He has a good shot of winning NA again
Other than that 🤷‍♀️

I had faith in Danny
That’s about it
I hope he starts doing better mental this year
If he is even playing
He’s not I’m p sure

^
He’s taking the season off

Need explanation for this image

Have you never seen the spica famous 9 man sleep?
its the reason hes my goat

No
Everyone leaves :pain:

Deft announced he's not retiring yet
@Dean

Ooh
Exciting
Holy shit
But why get rid of yagao I don’t understand lol
He’s good
Not knight good but fits JDG play style
Also where tf is jdg getting all this money from
Missing is like
kinda bad tho
they rly couldn't find a better support lmao
idk I personally like JDG the way it is
I'd actually prefer JKL on JD
JDG
Peanut extended

Monka
Extending ur worst player zzz

Surely peanut > Doran

Peanut was best jungler in spring 💀
Yea and got wiped at worlds zzz
no...
please
get that guy out of here
paper mental
Come to lck come to lck come to lck come to lck
VIPER-LIFE Esports poggers

That’s awful lmao
HLE 😭
I’m crying
@Dean i think ur boy might be looking to cash out and give up
Ruler with Eyla would be so fucking funny
no disrespect to eyla i think he's pretty good
but still a rookie by all means
Nah he’s jdg
Teddy / Deokdam
Although if two of my fav players both ditched to fly quest I’d be a huge fan
They’re getting scout
HLE had deft and chovy and was still shit
True
well they made an impressive worlds run
We will see
but their LCK season was bad
Apparently they saved money last year to cash out this year and build a full super team

Join me brother

I’m glad Peter is starting
KT looks really cool

No way irelia god Peter on NS????
NA import???

One of the best supports in lck challenger for a while, started a few games for them and did really well

Peyz just got confirmed main adc
Ruler to jdg almost 100% :smodge:
And Canna
BASED

Not good top laner imo
Maybe NS was holding him back, but he looked super weak

He has good mechanics he’s just been inconsistent
If canyon can play strong side for him he might pop off
Prince lol

sooo they kicked him or...
I’ve heard the money for JDG was just too good
It’s one of those
Had to make the tough decision
genG rly can't pay ruler 1 million?
i assumed genG is rich as fuck
Don’t know
CN salary got capped so
its no longer very good tbh
JKL won't get paid like 7 million anymore
(USD)

Hm
Lmfao

WASNTR HE JUST CRYING ABOUT IT
also wtf was pyosik on
pyosik rly said
he thinks the korena food in nyc
is better than the korean food in korea
LMAO

id believe it
nyc italian food is better than italian food in italy

So HLE are just taking the TL approach huh

I think it might be made to americans taste ngl
cuz I also lowkey disliked the italian pasta i had in italy
I did like the pizza better
and the sweets
My guess is that he just gets places he’s familiar with in kr but spent big in America
lol korean food isn't that 'fancy' in nyc tho unless its like
I know jungsik
Hm
Maybe it just tasted like victory :KekW:
unless he went to somewhere like
osamil
which is a korean inspired gastropub but not quite korean
but I feel like traditional korean places like her name is han/ bcd tofu house are like solid/rly good
would be surprised if its worse in korea o-o
Me too
Jungsik is good tho
he also made jankos
"crunchy" instant ramen
american italian food is what happened when italian immigrants had easy access to an abundance and variety of ingredients they didnt have before
and Deft calls his ramen inedible
that makes sense
especially meat
Maybe pyosik is just insane
no he def is
that guy has no sense of taste probably
spaghetti and meatballs, for example, was never an option in italy cuz getting beef was too hard, in america tho it was cheap enough to become a normal food
oh my god I had spaghetti and meatballs in italy (yes shoot me for ordering this i was just rly craving it for some reason)
it was so awful in Italy
Also I had undercooked pasta in italy and that just amde me rly sad
yeah! cuz its not italy-italian
the texture was not al dente it was fucking gummy
i also got food poisoning from veal LMAO
meatballs are distinctly italian-american
L
That’s what you get for eating a caged baby or something
and I'd do it again
one thing about me
theres some post thats like
the cruelty makes it taste better
yall know foie gras
that shit bussin
on god
:mia:
american italian food is way better than italian italian food cuz in italy everyones following some dumb local tradition but in america theyre free to go wild and put however much of whatever in it
oh yeah my hot take is that I like american carbonara better
(cuz I can put garlic in it)
yeah!!
I do think the guanciale was better in italy obv
that and all the black truffle
yea anything that relies on specific local ingredients is prob gonna be better in italy
esports btw

based

HLE roster confirmed
Life, CLID, zeka, kingen, viper

Yikes….
Clid & life 🤨

It looked good when they had scout and beryl
Now? Not so much
HUGE

Pog
If this is true it’s insane
LMFAO

Apparently the message was mistranslated and deft deleted the post

LOL
Wild

If anyone wants a player to change teams next year lmk so I can buy their jersey and curse them
Malrang
Please
Free Comp and Trymbi
I bought a bunch of cheap ones to test aliexpress store quality (can share results if wanted) and results are… interesting
Huni (retired, doesn’t count) Ruler (Gone) Showmaker (Stayed!) Impact (Gone) Viper (Gone) Jankos (Gone, sent me a baby sized jersey xd) Keria (Stayed!) Jojo (Stayed! But they sent me a Danny jersey with jojos number) Chovy (Stayed!) Nuguri (Gone)
So like 3.5/9
My curse is like 70% potent
i love aliexpress i buy plushies off it
The good jersey shop is Tsingyi Jerseys
I wouldn’t buy from anywhere else
Except official sites If you can get from there
thats for rich ppl
Aka you
My actual take is buy official for LCS and LEC b/c there’s no high quality fakes, lpl and lck it’s WAY better to just wait for fakes
Import shipping is expensive and the fakes are high enough quality it’s basically the same product

if you wanna curse someone, get one for 369

Ashley Kang just announced that Nuguri is retiring
Makes sense
I thought this was already news! Or was it previously just that he was taking a break
Guess it's just confirmed now
Also ppl “retire” from league all the time
Just to come back haha
So it’s not like it’s the end
Nuguris mental is just so bad lol

Faker resigned for 3 years

Oh I thought you meant resigned not re-signed
Was having trouble remembering when he did that
Right I thought I was tripping cuz I just saw he extended his contract 3 years

Nooo Pyosik 😭
Noooooo
Rip bozo
No…
Not pyoshit
Bro his name is Hong @hongbaabaa
Pog
He’s still pyoshit tho
Kinda gigachad tho
Win worlds
Go cash out in na
Yeah
Smart Ngl
If I was pyosik I’d do the same
Scam TL
How many players have scammed TL now?
😂😂

💀

@hongbaabaa rookie to TES

Holy pog

Ok LCK just seems
Strictly worse this year

:(
Guess im officially watching lpl this year

ownar
I saw dean told me!!
But
He’s going into game design
At riot
Which is worse
Cuz that guy is dogshit at the game

beifeng and mlxg's team just got eliminated from demacia cup :smodge:
no chance of rookie vs beifeng anymore

mlXD

MARKZ GOT ENGAGED LFG

I guess its fate ruler went to JDG
one of my friends in hs called me "Amazon" bc the rest of the ppl in that friend group called me Jean Dones and he thought it sounded like Jingdong (the JD of JDG) which is also an ecommerce site
in conclusion
i am NA Ruler

this is such an etymology

Bruh
Top esports and JDG both withdrew from Demacia cup
Lame ass tournament
They all got Covid lmao
Don’t think it’s the fault of the tournament
Finals goes to silver scrapes and a good mix of new/old talent gets showcased
Also your favorite team won so
How can you be mad
Not blaming anyone just sad at the result
Also that’s funny like 90% of China has Covid rn
China basically did the America move and just got rid of all restrictions
And it’s literally a shitshow over there rn
It’s a bit Sadge yeah
Nah it’s ok your real favorite team is bilibili right?
Couldn’t be anything else
🤨
Where is my man uzi
That’s the real question
With his newborn child!!!
Bro he had a baby like a month ago let him have paternity leave lmao
Absolutely not
Grind never stops
Move the PC next to baby

Flame your team in vc next to your baby
No mercy

Teach the baby

@hongbaabaa it’s the year i start seriously following lpl and they create the ugliest jerseys known to man I’m gonna kms
Also who wins

Never noticed them
They just got announced
I’m gonna go with team one or three
3/4 for me
Team 1 too flippy
New international formats go hard as fuck
Chovy kassadin :0
These look so cleannnn

Ain’t no way cuzz plays in windowed mode

:TigerSleeping:
Lowkey this
They could do it like champions league, any team who was willing to travel to the worlds location at the specified time could compete

Ruler penta in lpl debut :tigerpoggers:
Fantasy LCS anyone???

zeka and kingen are so good wtf
they were not this good in regular split last year  {Reactions} smodge  [2023/01/19 午後 04:01] teslaplasmabolt Leveled up after worlds

new meta tm
na goated region
put me in champions queue ill fix the region

Put me in

:tigerpoggers:
HUGE WIN

vitality might be my new favorite team in LEC
ehh maybe not
sorry for doubting you bo I take it back you're awesome
Bot#8380 hes gone from prolonged
@Noam @Olaf (Erik O.) @An

Zamn idk anything about LCS except that they're bad

ok but it will be fun :)
aight i'll do it
only for my man dean tho
It's free right

yeah lol
its actually really cool, theres like a pick/ban phase every week and such
wacky

I’ll do it sure, how long is the weekly investment
Like 15-20 minutes
I will draft Doublelift every week idc how bad he is :)
its just one draft
so decent amount of time this week, and like 5 mins max per week after

Is it cool if I join? I don’t have a large attachment to it so I will readily back out if anyone wishes to take my space

Yeah all good!
@Psycho Carrot @Noam @Stanley @Zack @Olaf (Erik O.) @hongbaabaa (and whoever uwuuwu is lol) Draft for the league will be at 9pm tmrw night!  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/01/24 午後 10:33] jeandones 1 more spot if anyone else wants to play
uwuuwu  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/01/25 午後 12:20] carrotburrito I invited a friend but if anyone would like to take my spot feel free I just figured since we were missing 1

Works for me

how the fuck does this work
i have no idea how to do fantasy shi
t
Basically
Hop on at 9
And we’re gonna draft
You’ll have a set amount of time, and pick the player you want from the remaining players
Make sure to pick one player for each role
Every week, you’ll be matched up again one other player in the league
You get to pick and ban a champ for each role, and get increased points if the champ you pick gets played and your opponent gets decreased points if the champ you ban gets picked
Then you score based on player performance
Whoever scores higher wins that week and gets a win, other player gets a loss
Weeks 8-9 are the “playoffs” where it’s just the same thing
One player will win
Bragging rights
Maybe probably not
We will see

I mean
I don’t think they’re gonna make it through round 1 lol
Impact spica prince vicla are all gonna be high demand im sure

Get good top mid jungle last pick adc support
Best strat

Flyquest is actually really good now LOL
I know I'm so happy

@Olaf (Erik O.) @Psycho Carrot @Stanley @Noam @hongbaabaa draft starting in 2!
wut
For the league
im playing league D:
Fantasy
I pinged about it yesterday
i didnt know this was simultaneous
dean has fantasies about league ???????
someone draft for me
That’s
Not how it works
Just open the app on ur phone
how do i drop
It’s 1 minute windows
It will auto draft for you
bet
whats the app
Sleeper
You’re second pick btw
@Honan
op
sorry sir 9pm for you is different from 9pm for me
You’ll get berserker dw
Oop nvm
i have something going
old 100t
i think berserker is really good tho, that guy cooks for one more split and then he actually takes semis in worlds
if ruler could do it for GENG berserker can do it for C9 trust
HOW
Open app
Click draft
it has given nme ssumday
so :(
Dw you can trade

im boutta dominat
when do we draft
whos gonna tell him
Not me
🙃
Def not me 🙃
no
i meant pick and ban
i picked all my people
Oh lol
Whenever you want
I’d do it rn and then every Wednesday going forward  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/01/25 午後 09:28] carrotburrito yo i stg
if doublelift is washed
imma b UPSeT

wagering on doublelift kekw

5000 channel points on Gen g :tigerprayge:

LETS GOOO

Sven gotta take one for the team and steal all of berserkers kills
I trust
Omg why
Apparently tian threatened Nuguris family during 2021 fpx scrims b/c Nuguri wasn’t playing well
Doinb is being very vague about it but that seems to be what happened
Or not threatened sorry
Insulted
Apparently what he said loosely translates into “you’ve turned yourself into amumu”
Doinb to tian I mean
doinb is that one friend who just never shuts up LMAO
Aka you :stirring:
Omg haha
Deserves tbh 🥰
Fuck nuguri
???
Also this is funny cuz tian was the one who tried to be friends with nuguri the most
And nuguri just ignored him apparently
i would never
anti social moment
Tian even learned Korean to talk to him 💀

Fuck Keria bro
I swear if my supports start picking fucking Caitlyn I’m gonna kms
Also I don’t even understand why he picked cait
Seems so bad
Why not just pick senna
kekw
is azir better?
These adcs are more support than the support is 😭😭😭
is nobody picking udyr
this champ is so good into wukong
Predicted
I know my players
closer picks viego when he can
he goes crazy on the pick
THATS THE FUDGE FACTOR BABY SHEEEESH
udyr isnt picked in pro champ must be weak
true
PAUSE FUCK
closer kinda sauced with it
yeah! too bad i dont get fantasy poitns for objective steals
i do get points for the 4 baron cs LMAO
(and first baron but its funnier to say the cs)
I hate this
it really is a fudge factor baby
LOL
100t is performing as I expected
Bot#8380 its baggage and discipline.
doublelift came back to get dunked on zzz
Greatest of all time vs greatest rn
in terms of lcs ad carries
why did bjerg build banshees bruh
ashe arrow
his reactions are so bad he cant dodge
tm
see?
lmao
real
ok closer penta
:prayge:
i think my team is shit
only recognize like 3 of the names
who you got?
tenacity - santorin - jojo - luger - ignar
idek who tf tenacity and luger are
oh thats actually pretty good
tenacity is a rookie, pretty hyped up
luger is probably middle of the pack adc
not the minions ending the games
ignar and santo are probably the worst ones on there ngl
all ik is jojopyun is a bitch but he's good at mid or something
sylas akali purr
ic
santorin slander on my timeline
no shot
less that and more hyping up luger and tenacity
jojo was probably best mid last year lmao
blaber just like me fr
wait this cookie bit is pretty funny im ngl
yea
I like the ideas of streamers doing interviews
good content
ARMUT SLANDER WHAT
DUNKING ON ARMUT LMFAO
goat behavior
dedge
BARSSSSS
HE TELLS NO LIES
fudge is my goat baby
emily has the craziest fits lmao
true
emily rand >>>>>>>>>
real
this is actually the best year of lcs ever on god
the content leveled up so hard
Is it just one game today?
wdym

inspired kinda sauced or whasty
LICORICE LMAO

How many people in this TL flyquest game are not actually from na?
yeon and spica are from na
or
harei
2 of those 3
haeri
funny
It’s haeri yeon spica
yeon is opl no?
Oh wait winsome is na too
But yeah Eyla and yeon are opl so it would be 2
Could not gank impact
That’s my top babyyyy
spica my goat fr
LMAO
2/4 on bans too
oneday people will stop build chainsword vi
i believe
fr
we will pick udyr at some point promise
pleas
Bot#8380 < 3mins
anyone
Just need armut to pick wukong and poome to pick Nami

Pyoshit

Jensen is washed
15 points
AUGH
He got the same amount as doublelift
Sven and Blaber the only real ones
@hongbaabaa

CLG is scaling
Palafox trolling idk
wowie

CLG FAITHFUL BABY
ok i was meming about pyoshit cuz i hadnt seen the game yet
but i watched the game
and holy
im gonna say it now
pyosik will be bottom 50% jungler
this split
LOL
It's ok CLG will win worlds surely
uh
first strike?
Spellbook misclick probably
Ornn true combo=gold now
Drx is so bad lmao
Worlds win to 0-3 lck

This is so close
I rly need a Jensen dub
20.30 points
Plz
It’s not much
Has lethality varus done anything other then lose the past two days
Did anyone have any opinions on bwipo cast
I thought he was fun, I liked it
I thought he nailed it tbh, really knowledgeable about things going on
A real keeper imo
bwipo is like the most knowledgeable player i've ever seen
problematic as a player but I think he could be an analysis caster a la Caedrel
Yikes
TL free fall

Scaling team dw /s
doublelift's fingers seem intact still
pretty good mechanics
also the more I think about TL
the more I realize
they're literally probably like
getting 6th place in LCS
Summit & Pyosik is cursed
summit is literally trolling
who is playing GNAR right now
ksante and jax both unbanned
and he picks GNAR

his gnar is pretty good
mf is playing with no minimap tho

Fuck
He’s literally USELESS
Doublelift wasn’t the gamble he was??

how does someone have 500 pts??
Zack got 6/10 of his picks in pick/ban correct
Also
Fudge factor
oh is that a thing
i didnt know you were supposed to do pick ban lol
…
Scrims reading comprehension
you tink i read any of that
You asked the question??
i read hop on at 9
🙂
I gave you an answer
ty ❤️
i hate thsi guy
fr
Wait kalista support is based
I might have to try
it was so useless
I know
finally someone punishes keria cheese
By “I might have to try”
I mean
canyon is too smart
“I’ll play next time I’m supporting teddy”
Bot#8380 :
wait hold that thought
i didnt watch g3
maybe its more useful in g3
Lol
HE DID IT TWICE???
oh wait that was g3
nvm
You know what we do need to bring back?
Quinn support
It never got nerfed
honestly
i prefer watching this
than lucian nami vs zeri lulu
Truth.
Real.

How tf is tsm 2-0 btw

Jensen for sale
I’ll take any not awful mid

my adc 😀
He's just too based
ofc the yuumi player plays like this
I sit like that 💀
cute

:tigerpoggers:

||Why T1 get owned||
RA trolling?
this ruler play might be just as good as the jackeylove zeri play last year against JDG
It’s so good

@Stanley @hongbaabaa @Noam @Psycho Carrot @Zack @Stanley dont forget to do pick/ban for fantasy
Thank you beryl for ruining solo queue for a month
terrorist
I wanna see jhingle in pro play
i would b so happy with a jhin jungle

This is good
We ruin twitch winrate so he gets more buffs
THE PLAN
Maybe they will make his r autos hit all the time
Prayge
I have to find the gif of a jax just walking back and forth and dodging autos
Not the one of I was thinking of but sad nonetheless
skill issue
@hongbaabaa Kowalski analysis
Shhhh it’s not giga broken
why is it super broken 😢
Bot#8380 they can play akuma
you heard it here first folks
ap twitch is akuma

1700 gold draven kill
Yeah but they were getting shoved all game was just a lil silly

What happened exactly to the sleeper thing? Was it deleted, or was I kicked or what happened

its still running
are you not able to access it?
Can’t even make claims
It’s because the games are going on rn
What
Ohhhhhhh
Still don’t understand
Lmao
Why would it not display my team
You’ll be able to do stuff from Monday-Wednesday I think
Are we redrafting?
No
Like why does it not display who my team is
Ok wait no I see what you mean that’s weird
Hold on
Still has you in it for me
Try logging out logging back in
Or reinstall the app

Contractz is washed 💀
First negative points

Wait spica played amummu
Giga chad

AST SK game was sick
Rip for me
Can’t believe Vulcan is my high scorer for the week
You still had the 3rd highest score this week youre fine
I think this guy sucks

oh shit i forgot about the fantasy thing lmao
Based Evi

Nisqy just dropped a Sylas pentakill on Heretics and Jankos

Wow
Will have to watch

Fnatic lost to astralis?
oh no...
oh no
team is imploding
Actually doomed
Rekkles washed I guess 😭
I think Razork has looked really lost tbh
i feel bad for rekkles ppl are legit just wishing on his downfall praying that he loses
its fucked up
i have no idea where the absolute most vile hate came from for a completely non-problematic plahyer
like ppl seriously flame this man to shit and i have no idea why
his support is dogshit
and his jungle/mid duo is griefing
its bc he went to g2 i think
doesnt justify obv but thats when it started
holy shit hans is so fucking good
it's this yeah
like the hate for durant going to GSW
I like Rekkles tho I want him to win, he's just not having a good split
jackeylove twitch
goat

wow ming is back
just for them to lose to EDG
no shame in losing to EDG tho i guess
altho i dont think RNG will make worlds

Apparently Prince’s discord pfp is a horrible picture of spica
Actually amazing
This reminds me…
?
Of what
Slindy ^
LMFAOOOOO
That’s so based
Spencerrrerr
HLE isn't looking to great
zeka and kingen back to domestic form
xDDDDDDD
honestlhy idk why teams keep picking up clid
this man hasn't been very good for like
what 4 seasons?

why
why
do people playing ap twitch in pro go the ad support item
its so shit

ya that dosnt mak sns to m
i mxan with ash it maks sense ig
but lik
hmm
mayb thy onto somthing

bro xiaohu is just the goat or smthn i guess
every team he's on is just good
🥹

how does WBG beat JDG and TES and then lose to TT
Theshy
Ok but did you see the TES IG game
Qingtian is nuts

NVM
WBG PAYPALLED RULER
THEY R NOT GOOD LMAO
LOL

Ruler has gotten gapped two series in a row..

hold strong have faith

I have banned teddys toplaner god bless
why is summit playing gnar
again
actually a three trick
:)
He got first blood so
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?
Guess it’s working

DHOKLAAAA

Dig missed a ban lmao

Ruler getting the meter stick
😊

lmfao
TSM XD

Stixxay with the comeback
Late pick and he crushing
Also has any player done consistently worse than Jensen that hasn’t just been perma benched
Armut even did better

watching t1 v geng
they forgot they were on stage
just playing kr soloq
fucking kalista support and its working

genuinely think rookie is the best mid laner in the world rn
way over chovy

LMFAO
THAT VIT SERIES
WAS FUCKING HILARIOUS
I just watched a team mental boom in real time
also bro my mid laner got benched zzz
(diplex)
who's their other mid?
emenes
ok he was going off in academy
I didnt think diplex was bad tho he was just average
Emenes is apparently giga smurfing
thats what it seems like
hes normally completely gapping the enemy mid
wait lost is in c9 academy now?
LMAO
kinda tragic
I thought zeyzal was trying to do coaching stuff for a bit there
that man made worlds semis and was never seen again LOL
@Blake goat continues to cook or what
lol
Did you see caps Sej mid
I didn't lmao
I saw the PTA Elise Morello rush tho
Based behavior
Can't get the champ nerfed too quickly now
@Rex

counterpick discovered

holy shit LS dickrides crownie so hard
literally this man is never in the conversation for top adc and he put him as top 3 LEC adc xddddddddddd

the "who is winning draft" stuff is just a clout competition
Sometimes, but usually people vote for the team that’s actually winning
Assuming critical thinking  skills monka
Also lowkey

Legendary caster curse

L9 Emenes

Wtf is carzzy doing
Worst trist player EU
Hylis rell is crazy tho

BLABER RENGAR POGGG

anyone else watching lec finals
Yes but I have to go at 2
D:

@Dean jarvan support!
I’m so happy
Kled mid is also super cool
true

G2 are the real meta busters
Unironically was envisioning them when I started the team  {Reactions} copium  [2023/02/26 午後 01:35] jeandones Ok but do they play thresh top
Wouldn't count it out as an option
But probably not

wait LEc is over already?
Easy g2 3-0
LPL isn't even halfway through lol
yeah they have 3 splits now
instead of 2
No one is surprised
oh three splits
i see
so how does MSI work
who goes
i'm so glad they finally have so many more bo3s
They get two reps
So
two seeds
yeah
LEC get two seeds?
Winner of winter and spring
laughable
So does lcs
I think
And lpl and lck
LCS is unironically better than EU
IMO
MSI has new format
It’s b/c oce and Turkey don’t anymore
im not even an NA fan
As a region I agree
I think it’s
al the game play i see in LEC is just
so mediocre
G2 > Fly > c9, eg, gg > Mad
i don't think MAD is the second best team in LEC
just very short splits lead to big upsets
Koi?
Or
Yeah
I think SK has the potential to be second next split unironically
Then just swap them in my list idk
T1 3-0 at MSI
JDG doesnt look that good
Top 4 lcs is over rest of lec besides g2
Bot#8380 u even
Agreed
I wish they looked better
Ig :copium:
Maybe, haven't watched any LCS this season
I think the new format for LEC is really good though
Hm
I think it’s fun to watch
But it has the same issue as sending msi rep to Worlds automatically
Feels good domestically but doesn’t make sense for international competition imo
I mean for the sake of practice
You get so much more Bo3 and Bo5 overall compared to the last format
I agree
But the 2 split structure Weirdge
like we'd never see Caps pull out a Kled mid in previous splits
or a Zac mid
he just has more freedom to try stuff
Bot#8380 i will win
you sure will
the thing about meta busting
is that its not about picking random champions that are off meta
you have to actually think about specific situations
Sad
HOLY SHIT
Thorin proved again to be a raging moron
I was not expecting the drama to end this way
Also why tf is this sad?
He's retiring from pro
All it proves is that eg isn’t actively malicious
This was p predictable tho? As soon as he dropped from playoffs
I was just hoping he might come back xd
I’m just happy he’s not playing on his own terms
And not because he was manipulated
Prince better :)
Also I think the take is I’m glad eg is supporting him in streaming
Really easy call from the org to drop him after he didn’t want to play at worlds
Especially when everyone was saying they forced him to not retire
Helps the community to keep him involved with the org

LMFAO
Bot#8380 david ali + cry

HUGE
🐢

what patch is LCS on?
One behind I think
But asol disabled
Don’t quote me on that tho
asol in game rn
Ok then
Patch behind asol enabled :smodge:
CLG making it look balanced
nvm champ is turbo broken

Asol in ranked
A low elo pub stomper
In ranked

@Honan has claimed the isolated lead in fantasy after 6 weeks
Congrats
Garen on stage lfg

fUCK
No there’s no way

Damn I wish I didn’t have to go to bed after the DK series. The q, maybe. The kick is crazy

how is effort still employed

Another year, another kr only Gen g jersey release. :sadtiger:
Allegedly also available (us) midnight on Thursday so
We will see

Currently sheparding angry Gen g fans who have even worse reading comprehension than this server

that exists?

Introduce me to them, I will form a club

:deanpog:

real

T1 is so innovative for draft senna cho /s

lol ikr
why is everyone freaking out about this
it was decently common like two years ago

They wanna be andromeda so bad

Was that Team Liquid?

wow
tsm is so bad
they walked into the worst possible choke into vel koz knowing e was in that bush
y does varus have serpents fang smh
Bot#8380 he’t know the game guys
kinda based

@hongbaabaa hold the L beat you in semis
This is so sick
@Jacob I feel like you’d appreciate

LMAO
that's so good
no shot 99% of people that see it even recognize that it's supposed to be a reference
your belief in that league players have any cultural competency outside of league is astonishingly weak
are you saying that my estimate that 1% of players would identify this as a references is too many players?
most people know about moneyball!
yes but
league players DON'T LEAVE THEIR ROOMS
they see the grass on the movie poster and they run far far away

this one goes hard

Tbh I don’t think I get the reference but is it talking about the big screen glance over shoulder thing in one of the early worlds where they cheated?
Oh
Ya
Is that the steroid one
League players taking adderall before the big game
No money ball is about how a team used statistics and stuff to draft a team that performed better than expected given the budget
Huh
Thinking about something else then
Also how is that entertaining
It’s a sports movie
Underdog stuff
It’s good
“We used stats instead of taking bribes and did better than expected, it’s unbelievable”
Lol what
No it’s about taking undervalued players
And doing better than expected
Oh so they took bad players
Like a budget team that ended up doing well
Not bad
Who turned out good?
But bro
Players that were considered bad but had potential
Just a new method
Why were they undervalued and why could some random team figure this out
Oh
Because they used statistics
It’s about sports analytics
just watch the movie it was a best picture nominee
League players try to understand normal movie challenge (impossible)

TES got 2-0ed by LGD
its doomed

hans sama pentakill against heretics on draven

Gen g jersey available in na god bless
:)
And found a knockoff Geng worlds 2022 jersey on aliexpress b/c the authentic one sold out instantly

TES lost to TT
It’s actually doomed

Wait what
There’s no way
Now I gotta watch the game to see how they manage to mess that up
TES collapsing sadge

doublelift is unironically the best player on 100T
Solo got benched
HAUNTZER THE GOAT RETURNS

Crazy that tsms roster has hauntzer and wild turtle on it
And they’re still winning
Surely these “old” players are bad at league

yeah so he went crazy on zion against the digs chogath
it was so cray

CLGGGGG

@Psycho Carrot I think ur friend is gonna get the toilet trophy lmao
It’s between him and @Stanley
Wait actually it’s gonna be close

wait @Evan ?
Yeah loll
why
whats the toilet trophy
Getting last place in the league
It ends in like 30 mins

Abbedagge getting subbed in :0000

For bjergson?
For vetheo
In LEC
That's insane
vetheo is having health issues
Ahhh
Mental or physical they didn’t clarify
Def mental
Looks like a shell of himself from MSF

Hm
wow.

holy

TES lost to OMG
4 losses in a row
💀

Damn
Also: telecom wars in Lck semis

holy
what a game
55 minutes

broooo
KT
so close

wtf is going on in
in this g2 fnc game
this is meta busters level throw for a win
holy crap what a game
TES 5 bo5 win in a row
Manifesting now
:eyesButFaster:

:lfg:

:LFG:

these guys are so silly
Guma 60% wr Challenger monka

I am OMG fan now
back to season 3-6 xd
seaseon 3 OMG was legendary
gogoing, cool, san
viper and rookie getting inted by team whats new

It was sad watching hle games and watching viper play his heart out only for zeka to make a couple appearances on the cover of intfest magazine

WBG got fucked lmao
Double kill ?
TSM AND CLG GONE?
lcs in shambles
im telling you
we buy a spot in LCS

No way scrimzone in lcs
Winner of playoffs gets the spot
Let’s go OMG!
I’m glad crème got a good season
That guys been an upcoming talent for a while

brooo
BLG should've beat JDG
also LPL looks kinda shit rn

^ praying on their downfall so ruler comes back

OMG OMG

PPGOD
brooooo
what is that zeri spacing wtf
so bad
also fofo choked that so bad
how did they lose
unretire into re retire

noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
my goat
(he is kind of washed I just like him because he is cute)
Put me in.
put him in scrims or what @Dean

spectres needs players

Yo if you need someone
It is not looking like I will be playing with meta busters so I would gladly jump ship
I can play top jungle or support
RJS is worse than me
Few aren’t though

I’m getting a front row seat to flyquest drama
This is crazy
Travis just pulled fly logo off his stream and the management is talking about how it cost them 3k
Apparently ovilee sent an all caps email at him LMAO

wait whaaaat
why did he pull the FLY logo off?
accident?
Unsure
I think m he doesn’t wanna be paid by an organization and seem biased?

Oh hell nah someone’s in a yuumi costume
Midnight ahri, ezreal, graves, jinx, pajama guardian soraka, like 3 kda evelynns
Apparently pinkward is here
Warwick, cafe cuties soraka
Lulu
Someone’s carrying around a pizza delivery sneaky body pillow

Xayah Rakan but their feathers are ggs and fly flags

Go fly go fly go fly
I want them to win
Waiting in the tsm line rn 💀💀💀
Yourprincess is here too
And ms chim chim for the TikTok enjoyers
I love ms chim chim
I used to watch yourprincess but idc enough ask for a pic or anything
Feel like most ppl would pref to be unbothered

:missing:

@Blake Illaoi drafted by Astralis in Bo3
To be fair
Its a pretty good Illaoi game
I think she can do decentley well into olaf
@Evan
jeonghoon is his favorite support
and ngl their comp looks ok
my main worry is enemy team just stacks armor and wins'
but idk

Pick Illoai = lose combo
L
rip LCS

Holy shit

how
did flyquest
get so unbelievebaly bad
so fast
and everyone was talking about how FLY might be the best NA team internationally ever xddd
state of NA is actually horrifici
ggs to GG i guess
c9 will 3-0 them 🙏

Yeah it was rough :(

Yo I distinctly remember a situation where some pro players little brother played crit thresh top, I forget if he was high elo and mained it or low elo and lowkey trolling but the older brother played for him (I think former) but ik this Happened in some capacity and I would be thankful for any information

LCK FINALSSSSS
HOLY SHIT
Such a good series
Nah cuz the rookie stat is crazy
armuuuuut
Who is the guy on the right in your dig photo
With armut
Biofrost
@Garrett send your bio signature here :0
Oh it is lol, I couldn't tell
ok thats what i thought he like
kinda looked like him but i didnt wanna mess it up and be racist
biofrost is a cutie i love that guy
Lolllll
I got my eg jersey signed
I’m so happy

Is armut funny irl
Yes I told him too gal and he cracked up
Top gap**
And the guy running the booth called my jersey a ssumday jersey and he made fun of him for it
Biodaddy ftw
turtle hauntzer an svenkeren were great too tho

I think the whole stadium left as Emenes fans I swear

we get to watch huhi on the international stage
lets fucking go
prime entertainment
somehow this guy is simultaneously dogshit but also every team he gets on does well
It’s his intangibles bro dw

He just like me fr

that's crazy
does he get aggro for a tiny bit from each one but not long enough to actually take a shot?

No
Smallest size champs can walk through the gap

ahhh

Fudge do be known to have a *large* mouth
Ok I take back what I’ve said about ruler leaving Gen g
Instead of ruler + Gen g winning 1 domestic title
They can now win 2
It’s a win
Ugly-ass model

No way R7s toplaner is named “Bong”

he just like me fr
Wait I missed this

what the fuck was FNC vs MAD
that was
atrocious gameplay
players like hylasang afre the reason why I say enchanters take more skill than engage champs
L take lmao
Only wiff here is locodoco imo
Idk doa but everyone else is proven cast material no?
Dash I’m on board with, frosk would have a job in professional league, except she messed it up herself,  papa literally gms an org, dom has been asked to come host and said no recently, top 3 are valid
I dislike the take b/c I feel like our talent in lcs rn is actually p good tho?
Oh I meant skill set wise lmao
I mean sure?
I know they all would rather do other things cf
That’s like saying “if eg really cared about winning they’d have 369-canyon-Rookie-ruler-Keria”
Uhh current broadcast is decent?
dom hosted some LPL a little bit ago
He came on lcs also
But I feel like he’s more invested overseas
its hard casting lcs and not being able to flame
Azael, flowers, markz, kobe, Emily, raz
Are all amazing
You could argue the gabby point
And I think saying rafaa sucks is a shit argument because he’s still new
I like flowers but everyone else is eh imo
Emily I think you’d be trolling to take anyone on the thorin tweet over
I think azael/kobe/raz probably interchangeable with a few on the list
I would not want to watch loco casting
I find him annoying af
LOCO IS SO FUCKING BAD LMAO
This but ls
I'm glad he dropped outa eSports and is doing some fucking nft nonsense
ls I dont mind too much
but dom is my favorite
Ls has better takes when he is casting lmao
ls I can actually stand to watch for a bit
Or like, he articulates it better then
Agreed
I just want the kitty/caedrel cast lmao
Their banter is peak
Kitty?
Lpl caster

Ah

Vulcan to lec?

Bronze level shanji wannabe 🤣🤣🤣
I think the gun control one was bars LMAO

cant wait to watch Adam get smashed by LPL and LCK top laners xddd
i refuse to accept that BDS is a good team
LEC teams just shit the bed
?
I am a crownie fan
Bds isn’t going
but also that
sad
Y’all are high
that was tragic to watch
I’m happy nisqy is going
And carrzzy
but imagine being crownie and getting a penta and still losing the series
Carzzy also got a penta tho
which game?
I was doing hw during it
probably was game 3
wait what
ohhh
thats right
EU has the stupid three split thing
but yeah I'm praying for LPL win
G2 is going right
?
I think so
I think both LCK teams will smash LPL
but hey
everytime LPL looks good they choke
and when they look bad they win so
no have faith
T1 finals choke inshallah 🙏
im lowkey a crownie hater
just cuz he's annoying
all of LS' gang is like
so obnoxiuos
Bot#8380 - ->r jason riot loves me on w me 1rp
actually i like fudge
he's actually not bad
for NA standards
I like him from when he would hang out with rat
god im ngl
I haven't watch anything with him and LS
i hate the EU streamers
they're so toxic
ppl just think they're funny cuz of their accents
ik its great
I just think its funny watching people get mad period
dude i dont understand
how EU is like
so shit
like
its actually painful to watch LEC games
they have such good teams on paper this year but like
how does VIT and G2 do so bad this split
MAD literally looked and still look like donkey doo doo
its just that BDS is also just
so bad
HYLISSANG
lmao
OH MY GOD THIS GUY IS SO BAD
hyli
HOW MANY TIMES IS HYLI GONNA GET CAUGHT OUT LOL
lmao real
wait htis is fr like watching solo queue
like the way the fight is panning out
like vi dives for the support
she ills the support
shes overextended
malphite ults over the wall
now MAD is overextended
what
how is adam like
bad a malphite
he keeps one man ulting a useless target
also hylissang plays annie like shes a tank
wait carzyy just tried to cleanse malphite ult
WTFFFFFF
HE BURNED EZREAL E TO POKE MALPHITE WHEN MALPHITE STILL HAS ULT UP
and then subsequently after that he fucking sees malphite TP behind his ass and just walks towards the ward
😭
this is not real
and then hyli one man tibbers the malphite
hm
hmmmm
i should stop dogging on hyli when labrov is legit running it

hyli is not real when hes not on engage
Is this the day I give up on eg

ESPORTS FANS WHO THINK THEY KNOW SO MUCH MORE THAN EVERYONE ELSE (yes, i'm taking to you, you know who you are) TAKE A LOOK AT THE #announcements CHANNEL TO PROVE HOW SMART YOU ARE AND POSSIBLY WIN A SKIN  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/04/30 午後 09:25] nomulus completely forgot to fill it out

Any 50-50ers?
Bot#8380 4 champions are not a kids
So true
I need teddy to come in here and tell me EU is gigawashed MAD will crash and burn etc etc
I filled it out  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/05/01 午後 02:32] hongbaabaa Golden guardians will put mad in the dirt  {Reactions} ❤️ (2) 😭  [2023/05/01 午後 02:34] carrotburrito I gotta get the @Evan carry
Have to ask tonight
My knowledge of esports is Beryl is worst support in LCK, cc magnet that can’t ward properly and doesn’t understand itemization
Assuming they make it out of playins teehee
And that Keira is a giga chad with an eyepatch
That took way too long to send
I stg my school has some kind of emp field that fucks with connection I step outside and I go from slow af to instant

Bad news he’s huffing G2 copium
Gam msi jerseys looking crazy
are any of them people i should recognize?
I think the middle is Levi
sty1e is good too but I don’t recognize him by face
Ok he’s 2nd from the left

BRO THE CROC NO ITEMS

💀
caps literally hit rank 1 on naut mid glad hes playing it here
he's insane man
that fight top lane vs ahri was wild
I was asleep 💤 rewatching now

BB is so good bro
Bot#8380 start
frfr

no name top laner 🥱
I’m aware he’s not even the best top in playins
But he’s still hype
(Licorice > bin > bb)

Of our responses we are most confident in: 1. Bin getting 5+ solo kills (73.7%) 2. BLG, GG, G2 making it out of playins (68.4%) -  Gen. G or JDG not winning MSI (68.4%) -  Top 4 containing a western/minor region team (68.4%) -  Highest presence champ being anyone but Annie, Rakan, or Vi (68.4%) 6. LEC > LCS (63.2%) -  5 or more games of Lucian/Nami vs Zeri Lulu (63.2%) 8. More 3-0s than 3-2s (57.9%) -  85+ unique champs (57.9%)

There is no way bin is getting 5 solo kills
He is washed
Ok washed is an exaggeration but
He’s nowhere near as good

consider that he is playing against garbage teams and is going to be in both playins and double elim knockouts
but also yeah
thats the bait
thats why these are hard

That’s literally all of my guesses
G2 Sweep
Man of the people

Honestly the Lucian nami thing I’m really skeptical of but we’ll see
4 people in the botlane repeating is pretty uncommon

Oh yeah I was baiting really hard w that one
They’re all out of the meta at this point
If it was 5 patches ago we’d see it every game
Yagao also on naut mid??
gigabin 0/4/0 amazing

After Day 1 - Bin getting 5+ solo kills (1) - BLG, GG, G2 making it out of playins (All 1-0) - Gen. G or JDG not winning MSI (-) - Top 4 containing a western/minor region team (-) - Highest presence champ being anyone but Annie, Rakan, or Vi (Annie, Kennen, Nautilus) - LEC > LCS (0-0) - 5 or more games of Lucian/Nami vs Zeri/Lulu (0) - More 3-0s than 3-2s (4 2-0s, 0 2-1s for tiebreaker) - 85+ unique champs (54)
STIXXXXXAYYYYYYYYYY

i said yes because of zeri lulu
i think theyve each shown up once separately
THE GAURDIANS BABY
THATS MY TEAM
wait lucian nami was played today tho
LMFAOOOO
what is this name
oh wait im so dumb i didnt read lucian nami vs zeri lulu  {Reactions} 💀  [2023/05/03 午後 01:59] hongbaabaa reading comprehension :PES_Cry:
dang i would've had said yes
rip
wouldn't
Cant expect the business major to be literate
have
hey it was a survey
i dont read those carefully
!
that says more about you than about the survey
The goat strikes once mor
ok yeah
they got impact and vulcan
im officially fly fan now
(eg sucks)

Who was flys top laner
I forgot
Oh it’s always been impaxf

Would it be ok if it’s those 4 picked+ banned
So if it’s Lucian nami and zeri naut with lulu banned it counts?
Or no
Is that too common

Well that would be changing it after the fact
Would benefit people who said yea and hurt people who said no

fair
Bot#8380 no team
but i am one of the people who said yea
and we are the majority
soooooo
na but even without that still im right
i have faith
in pro player comfort picks
One of my favorites now tbh
Design is so clean

I rly hate the intel logo smack dab in the middle
i simply ignore it
:)

After Round 2 - Bin getting 5+ solo kills (3) - BLG, GG, G2 making it out of playins (BLG, G2 yes, GG in losers) - Gen. G or JDG not winning MSI (-) - Top 4 containing a western/minor region team (-) - Highest presence champ being anyone but Annie, Rakan, or Vi (Vi, Rakan) - LEC > LCS (0-0) - 5 or more games of Lucian/Nami vs Zeri/Lulu (0) - More 3-0s than 3-2s (6 2-0s, 2 2-1s for tiebreaker) - 85+ unique champs (65)
adc is a really cool and fun and diverse role

i love jinx aphelios meta personally
ik thats a hot take
that wukong wr tho xD

those top laners
make me hate this game
also rakan not picked with xayah? goddamn

Pretty good with zeri as well
He’s just a really good champion rn
Even after nerf

Rakan is super broken

I refuse to believe that
Mainly because he is so fun to mess around with and bully in lane on pyke and I just 🙉 🙈 🙊 after 15 minutes and accept the loss

After Play-ins - Bin getting 5+ solo kills (3) - BLG, GG, G2 making it out of playins ✅  - Gen. G or JDG not winning MSI (-) - Top 4 containing a western/minor region team (-) - Highest presence champ being anyone but Annie, Rakan, or Vi (Vi) - LEC > LCS (0-0) - 5 or more games of Lucian/Nami vs Zeri/Lulu (0) - More 3-0s than 3-2s (1 3-0, 0 3-2s, tiebreaker goes to 3-0) - 85+ unique champs (71)
Bracket draw was so sadge wtf

What happened?
LCK vs EU, LCK vs EU on one side and LPL vs NA and LPL vs NA on the other side
Oh LMAO
Rip west
i mean it just means next round is probably going to have LCK vs LCK and EU vs EU
i think c9 beats blg
they definitely could have adjusted for this though, somehow ensuring that theres a variety of regions in each side of the bracket
theres a world where theres no eu vs na games

I think you forget the G2 sweep and I believe in FLY

FLY??????
carrot what are you smoking I want some

I just said a random US tema
Idk

they did not make it to msi

Update on 50/50s, if NA and EU don’t play each other at all, which now seems likely, the tiebreaker will be whichever region places the highest, and if they place the same, it will be overall record in main stage, then overall record in playins

You sound like a hater

I mean
i think c9 > blg personally
but considering theres a very narrow range of possibilities that could even allow it to happen

G2 SWEEP
G2 SWEEP

Draven locked hot dawg
eu greater than kr
factual not captual
galeforce draven??
korean blastcone
nvm bro peanut gap\
vi>nidalee
lmao delight did more damage than brokenblade in that fight
bro chovy's health bar did not go down
holy

not the double ap into maokai lmao
oh the trist mid
sinster trist top lmao

yikes
💀
trist for base xd

:tigerpoggers:

holy lissandra getting solo killed by ahri
thats mega kekw
Yeahhh
Surely that would never happen to :riftsharks:
G2 actually played well g1
I thought they had a good series
Ignoring game 2
man chovy is so good at ahri
i love seeing ahri in pro play
oh g2 LMAO
game 2*
supp ap
gap
Real
Only caught 1 game but it looked like a hard fought win for G2, good omen for the sweep
And against a massive team in gen g
Ok maybe I’m back on the eg train …
Revenge is really fun

i think hyli is getting that t1 money lmao
this series goes 3-0, they can't lose that game lmao
Bro hyli is getting paid no way we play mid late like that lmao
tbh elyoya and carzzy only ones that played the whole game well... well except for that last fight for carzzy
they need to check their paypal

Zeus built Abyssal mask I ma justified

sad lions 😦

inb4 eu did it first but im picking up these sion strats for scrimzone s6 😈

Well that was a series 😩
I gotta catch up I havent been watching any msi
Without spoilers there hasn’t been an upset yet 🤣

i thought mad was gonna win game 1 but then everything went down hill from there and im like ???
but t1 diff 💅

Hylissang was watching my vod
Unironically me in solo q in just about every way
Like flash Q E away without stunning anyone and get picked before baiting an Ace on your team
I think I did that yesterday
Hook the naut into team 💀

wtf is that MAD T1 game 1 LOL
wow holy fuck
gumayusi is so good
and keria ofc
keria showing why the best supports can play enchanters
huge gap
how much did t1 paypal nisqy
oh my god once again hyli is so fucking bad LMFAO

bro they had to pay hyli so muhc LOL

hyli on annie is like
he makes that champion look difficult
fr
Bro even his pyke game xd

i'm so sad mad is eu first seed
get elyoya out man he does not deserve this

c9 vs blg today ‼️
C9 CLEAR :cope:
coping

C9 PLEASE DON'T GO MAD
nah i got beef with lucian nami im sick of this
nocturne + kennen though <333
sylas everfrost against crown taliyah is funny
c9 is so losing this lmao
nOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
💀
another lucian nami lane that will make one of these champs nerfed
;-;
c9 omegalul
burger flip moment i guess
bro c9 wants nami so bad LMAOOOOOOOO
i mean relatable but goddamn LOL
they want her
men want her
fish fear her
BERSERKER trying so hard LMAOOOO
someone do a posture check on my king
his shoulders must be SLUMPED
After tomorrow, it looks like we’ll have the regular bracket and the chromosome bracket for sure
bin is thanos rn LOL
rip na bro
we tried
someone check on berserker his back must be shattered
C9 should pay for his chiropractor appointment
ong

don't do this to my heart-

not my goat choking
Sadge
actually shitting the bed

bro c9 is perma giving me hopium just to take it away lmao
no literally
and another choke lmao
Entire midlane and drag :tradeoffer: 1 kill maybe

can berserker 1v9
part 3
Bot#8380 wait to pyke main :
its ok gg will win :copium:
Sadge
Nah they get sent to the kids table too

Sadge, we looked pretty decent too in some of those fights

ngl
really expected c9 to beat BLG
Same
BLG is not that good
lol
I think it was c9 missing playins buff
Nerves seemed to be the issue, the fights weren’t that bad they were just making weird calls
And blg has played 2 series before this one
REPORT YAGAO
STOLE PENTA
its just a top gap kekw

i think nami lucian is BLG's bot lane strong point
it was really good in LPL playoffs as well
Bot#8380 bet
Holy

alright my goat stixxay clears yea
DOUBLE BANNING MY KING LICORICE LFG

the west getting so gapped lmao
were gonna have another 3-0 game today
Thank God I wanna go to bed
girl its 9 am
this is when i normally go to bed girly huh

LICORICE BABY LFG
HE WILL NOT YIELD
ok gg 1 game so i can go to obed thanks
goodnight
licorice moment 🔥
ok gg i need y ou to win this game to give na fans false hope and then get 2-0ed so i can sleep
love you guys for that
bro huhi is smurfing in pisslow lmao
ok nvm they stopped playing with their food bed angle
bless up
Imagine how much better this tournament would be if the actual top 8 teams in the world competed
So far the whole thing has been a bedge angle. I’m actually looking like a clown watching every match so far

Eh licorice solo killing 369 kinda swag
ego no ban surely lmao
river is tired of playing tanks
my solider river

Honestly I’m more impressed with the west this year then almost any other internationally (minus of course G2 MSI win)

lmao..
JDG just like
individually outskilled GG

G2 ez losers win
For top bracket SWEEP

:copium:

Watching third game rn
And right before second drake
Would it have been troll for sion to proxy farm 2 waves and take tower?
Like sure he might coin flip dragon but they can do nothing about it and honestly he just isn’t that important at that point in the game
And the lead they get is massive
Pros shouldn’t play sion
Actually
Never do I see a champ I think Is consistently underplayed
And why
Why not play something like Mordekaiser or Camille if they want a kill threat
Ik there are prob reasons but idk
LETS GOOOO
sion is really broken
But still
They CANNOT play him well
I mean
They just treat him like a fat tank
they did
And it works
But I hate it
Peyz ❤️
For me what really convinced me was that sion dies and instead of farming he starts hitting tower, which does literally nothing
At the end?
Ya
There’s no point
He was trying to proc demolish to amke ending easier
there is a huge point
He did prob demolish
yeah that was the point
And didn’t even hit threshold
He didn’t hit 1800 cuz u do no damage as tank in passive
To towers
You do no damage in passive in general to turrets, they nerfed it a while ago
Ik
So why did he do it
Why not farm wave get 100-200 gold
Kill a mid push for a bit
To proc demolish to try and make the minions break the which almost happened
But no the minions were never hitting tower
They were too far and going to be cleared
Gnar had to back to stop the minions from taking tower after Baron fight
Ik it’s a tiny mistake that doesn’t matter much but it feels like every sion game
And his hitting tower didn’t change that, if anything he should’ve just hit wave in front of minions
I feel like top meta is just too disgusting
Pros are playing sion for the first time after a year of nerfs, malpjite is broken, ksante is new champ,
Where is the fun stuff

Uh oh
HUGE
G2 cannot beat T1
:2023junchoovvy:
Maybe they can beat GG tho
:2023tigerpeyzfan:

First cow right?

They’re gonna play the loser of the lpl match tho?
Loser of lck match plays winner of lcs match

Wow
What a game
Who won
T1 3-2
Won a teamfight and then just ended the game at 25

It was crazy 20 minutes it was 100% even

finals will be for sure t1 v gen g
they are on another level

Tru
except
So is G2
i am so impressed by LCK this MSI
G2 miracle comeback reverse sweep in lower bracket to knock out G2 after clinching the win from LPL and leaving JDG and Gen G with no hope of winning finals
LCK games are always so interesting because they play super slow with incredibly high tempo
Like low elo it’s fast play with low tempo
Stuff always happening but not much getting done
Until one team can just completely 1v9 their way to a win
But here it’s like 20 minutes of set up for 1 baron fight or Soul fight
It’s crazy
Mainly talking about that last game

Someone on the cast yesterday said jdg was expected to win msi???
Absolutely stoned take
Zzzzz
JDG looks messy as usual
I will say
I won’t be necessarily surprised if they win
Because RNG beat T1
With a relatively scrappy play style
Yeah I think it wouldn’t be crazy, but saying they’re expected is just wrong
Basically LPLs edge is that they can play a more chaotic play style
And sometimes they just surprise LCK teams with what they’re willing to do
But also gala was on fire

Insert joke about G2 being the 4th seed and how sending them was a joke
Double elim will help this
Also it’s 🐯 Mr. spring king
Who is not here this year
Xiaohu diff
Right
So lck >>
Nah cuz how did they win this game

accurate portrayal of top lane
The Topfather is here to save us all

they cant just stop the goats from going

why did knight go bramble first into ahri

It’s impossible for Ahri to kill Ksante
He’s just building for the rest of the team
Ksante can cancel Ahri charm so
ok but bramble into what healing lmao
doesnt wardens fist the entire team

I think Dean complained about this already, but the way the brackets were set up with it being LCK v. LCK and LPL v. LPL in these games seems like an oversight

it is really cringe but
they can't just see a bracket draw that is shit and redraw it
b/c that ruins all integrity of the bracket draw
Lmao blg got fucked
I’m with Jacob on it
It sucks
But it’s an 11% chance
It’s just unlucky that it happened the first time with the new format AND that there were 0 upsets
If ANY Lec or Lcs team won we’d see inter regional na eu games

After First Week of Main Bracket - Bin getting 5+ solo kills (7) ✅ - BLG, GG, G2 making it out of playins ✅  - Gen. G or JDG not winning MSI (Gen G. Losers, JDG Winner’s finals) - Top 4 containing a western/minor region team (winner of Gen. G/C9, winner of BLG/G2) - Highest presence champ being anyone but Annie, Rakan, or Vi (Vi) - LEC > LCS (0-0, tiebreaker to LEC by 1 game) - 5 or more games of Lucian/Nami vs Zeri/Lulu (0) - More 3-0s than 3-2s (6 3-0s, 1 3-2, tiebreaker goes to 3-0) - 85+ unique champs (79)

hans holding flash for next game ig

Lol BLG is so bad
How r they having trouble with g2

The east west gap is unreal
We knew this
But still

The fact that g2 managed to take a game off BLG is sad
I haven’t watched but it’s 1-0 right now right
:smodge:
Right?
1-0 BLG if you refuse to watch the rest of the series I suppose
TT

bruh I just caught up on msi
no way we actually had lcs vs lcs, lec vs lec, lpl vs lpl, and lck vs lck
what are the odds
11%
lmao
Been done.
Lol

c9s over this msi run lmao

ooof this is an airport speedrun LOL
somehow gg looked better internationally

After Top 4 Decided - Bin getting 5+ solo kills ✅ - BLG, GG, G2 making it out of playins ✅  - Gen. G or JDG not winning MSI (Gen G. Losers Semis, JDG Winner’s finals) - Top 4 containing a western/minor region team ❌ - Highest presence champ being anyone but Annie, Rakan, or Vi (Vi) - LEC > LCS ✅ - 5 or more games of Lucian/Nami vs Zeri/Lulu (0) - More 3-0s than 3-2s ✅ - 85+ unique champs (80)
I’ll post who is still in the running when I get home
Jackson, Erik O., Hongbaabaa, Will, Noam, Thomas, Honan, Taxi, Cylako, PB, and Dean are out
I think that leaves 8 people in? But 2 of them didn’t put their name so who knows
Augh
my strategy of not watching pro is paying off for this
Evan and I are gone
?
can't be surprised by upsets if I don't know what's supposed to happen
No shot Lucian nami
Psycho I’m genuinely concerned for your literacy
Im concerned about auto correct
You’re still in it
You think JDG T1 do Lucian nami zeri lulu for good times 5 games straight?
If so we got a shot
Cuz evan convinced me the G2 sweep was inevitable, “they can beat T1” well craps struck again 😦
oh so you're saying that even though you aren't out yet in reality you are b/c of that one?
Yup
i have no memory of what i picked
i think i said no to the lucian/nami vs zeri/lulu one
i'm rooting for T1
highest pick champ isn't any of those (probably lost on this one)
and i'm hoping for more unique champs
Teemo top Rengar jungle Talon mid Miss Fortune Pantheon support
Think that’s all unique?
Idk if panth being played in other roles has happened or counts
rengar was picked this msi
There’s going to be 12-20 more games
1 new champ every 2-4 games would do it
1.25 champs per series
Ok then I’ll change it up to nidalee? Thought she’d been picked
Bro is blind
Third row

Azir maybe

holy fuck
that was the worst bo5 ive ever seen
never seen a team just lie down and die like that
No im pretty sure MAD v T1 was worse
(Na copium)
g3 is not bad
they had
a pulse
MAD Is a fraud team
somehow EU collectively shit itself
the fact that the finals was BDS vs MAD
wild
also did kha zix get a buff
why is he being played rn
when hes fed hes like one shotting ppl lol
chovy ahri does like 1.2x dmg or something
my ahri doesn't do that much dmg with everfrost :sus:
ISO q damage I think
I think it's even funnier cuz their cl team had a better record than their main xd
They finished 2nd and Dig is finishing like 2nd to last
Tsm imt and GG also dropped
Only thing of quality to come out of that game lmao

T1 is nuts what

2-2
SILVER SCRAPES BABY

Is t1 just way worse than I thought
JDG JDG JDG
Ruler < 3
They’re really good at ending games, but not as good at the rest of the game I think
Imo best team in the world at figuring out when they can just win a game off a teamfight
Have been for a while
I thought it would be 3-1 JDG but
I mean T1*
Game 2 they made a big mistake so
Even if JDG loses here I think finals should be competitive
I’m so happy about knight
He’s flopped at every international tournament but always so good domestically
Finally showing us his strength
Maybe tian debuff was just too much
Picking naut with knight sylas is grinding
Griefing
Knight one trick sylas for an entire season
Wow ruler crazy
Also that gragas ult won the fight
i think faker being on nautilus constantly isnt great
hasnt naut been really good for him
not in this bo5
oners been getting major major heat
maokai zzzz
maokai sej
zzz
chat was flaming his kindred bc he only had like 5 marks at 30 mins
o but the naut litterally just won them the fight
wait t1 just won the fight
nvm
yea
i takie backies
that naut hook was crazy
ruler move challenge impossible
im rooting for jdg btw sorry
glory to the peoples republic
lmfaooo
its ok cloud soul is game determinative here phreak said so
/s
i need him (to win)
live laugh love t1
back on my bullshit
if t1 wins msi i will go touch grass
oner ;-;
nvm games over
whyd they take that
they were gonna lose baron anyway they should have just backed off
4v5…..
gg….
LFG
We get Gen g vs T1 again
I’m so hype
(Blg is 💩 )
Gen G rolls
pog
BLG > GEN G
????
Cap
You’ve been calling blg dogshit for the past 3 months
heheh

JDG V BLG
💤
No shot
TIL Emenes is korean
on god i thought this guy was white
for some reason in my head korean players can't be L9 level toxic
or at least i jjust havent heard of the korean pros being super toxic in solo queue

I thought it was the most toxic server tho no?

it is the most toxic server

it is the most toxic server

Yea the server is toxic but I thought the pros aren’t?
I mean most pros aren’t toxic though
Emenes has been toxic in like 4 different regions
Uhhhh
Got booted from KR, OCE, KR again, TR, EU, now he’s In Na
I feel like EU is toxic
NA not so bad
Ig my point was Na wasn’t
I’ve heard lpl and eu aren’t great
I mean NA still has like
RJS
Oh LPL is bad
Baaaaad
Lots of toxic pros Ngl
Yeah
I mean rjs lasted all of 2 seconds tbh
And dardoch couldn’t hold a team
Who is this?
Ejs
Rjs?
He made korea tho that’s cool
Simply don’t be toxic and have an ego like you’re faker when you’re at best a bottom tier kr mid
Lmao
I got that as a support boosted plat
“We win this”
Ok but you’re not on Twitter calling everyone else dogshit
Oh he did that
Why
Have you seen rjs Twitter LMAO
It’s a 50/50 he proves he’s right and everyone hates him or he proves he’s wrong and everyone hates him
Instead I prove I’m right and I get 5 honors or I prove I’m wrong and some guy saying ff 15 troll botlane since 3 minutes gets mad
Win win
Actually I think he’s deleted his Twitter
LMAO
Yup
Couldn’t find it
He’s like LS if he had no clout but better mechanics and a former pro career
And personally attacked more pro players
Wait wait LS has pretty good takes tho
Not consistently
Im biased but I like a lot of what he says not all of it but a lot
Like it’s 50/50 if they’re correct or not but he pretends he can never be wrong
I mean i can’t speak on it I’m biased
I think he would be a lot more tolerable if he didn’t quadruple down on every little thing he says
That’s fair
Also assuming pro players can be perfect at every champ is just not a realistic worldview
He will sometimes drive home something that is mostly right without amending it then kinda do a right angle and say that’s the same thing
Exactly yeah
He does favor one tricks with a wide pool imo, which isn’t bad but yknow he expects LCK to have that level of play
I get it with top lck/lpl teams but when he applies the same logic to minor regions (eu and na) included it kinda falls apart
A lot of the stuff he says is super correct but the way he presents stuff is super abrasive imo
Or even worse lck and lpl teams too

is benji still t1s coach
his drafts r rly good
MISSING IS SO BAD LOL
bro watching pro players who dont play enchanters play lulu
is so cringe
keria lulu vs missing lulu
zzzz
well its not like missing is good at engage either
his rakan useless
I know ls is dragging every single t1 draft lmao

Fuck LS, that guy is stupid

Reverse sweep :prayge:

Nah it’s over why are we just giving them vi ahri jinx
AND THEY DONT EVEN PICK XAYAH RAKAN HOLY SHIT
what are we doing …
:TigerSuffering:
If they don’t ban braum I’m gonna cry
Blitz r5?
Gg
What are we even doing in draft man
Give them all 5 matchups that they want I don’t get it

Lmao what did I tell you
Well I didn’t realize they’d int draft this hard every game
I was half joking but then I saw the champs peanut was playing
Yeah this is
Not good
LPL domination 🤠
Why give over vi/ahri/jinx 2 games in a row
You should give it over never
Maybe 3? I didn’t see the first one
Lol elk isn’t good with jinx tho
I don’t think that matters
Did they give jinx because aphelios lulu was open
Also he seems good on jinx now!
They didn’t take aphelios lulu either game
Aphelios tk and aphelios thresh
Aphelios tahm
Was lulu open?
Yeah
It’s just sad
Maybe they’ll come back but they gotta draft better and now jinx resets are just brutal
GIGABIN
Lmaooooo
On sent it
Elk has no flash
It’s winnable next fight for geng Ngl
No flash and no cleanse
Lol chovy is just a cursed player
Maybe it’s the pressure?
WHAT IS DELIGHT DOING
GG~
BLG BLG BLG 🫡
Bruh moment
Blitzcrank is so based here
I like it
Based on
As soon as they lock thresh they should know it’s coming
Like you could actually predict every single pick from BLG except the sion
I mean blitz is just good in general in this meta you just gotta be man enough to pick it
And Gen G just didn’t care???
So weird
Gigabiiiiiin
I don’t even feel like they individually played that poorly it’s just a massive draft gap all series
Yagao needs to learn how to play Ahri from chovy
Tabe draft master
I guess I can’t be mad BLG won if I have yagao pfp :(
Is this 2 MSI wins I see from tabe
Nah jdg t1 finals surely
Tabe the OG Annie support player
If knight wasn’t on jdg I would be actively praying for their downfall
After Top 3 Decided - Bin getting 5+ solo kills ✅ - BLG, GG, G2 making it out of playins ✅  - Gen. G or JDG not winning MSI (JDG grand finals, Gen G out) - Top 4 containing a western/minor region team ❌ - Highest presence champ being anyone but Annie, Rakan, or Vi (Vi) - LEC > LCS ✅ - 5 or more games of Lucian/Nami vs Zeri/Lulu (0) - More 3-0s than 3-2s ✅ - 85+ unique champs (80)
I like that LEC> LCS was determined by the fact that G2 won a singular game
Nah g2 won 2
:)
But yeah super cringe draw blame odo
Oh TRUE
Whatever
#1 ruler fan now
No point in rooting for any other team for me
I just wanted to see Gen g vs jdg
But guess I’ll have to wait for worlds finals  {Reactions} COPIUM  [2023/05/19 午前 11:19] hongbaabaa :COPIUM:

Neither of those teams are making finals
Both knight and chovy are cursed to never make past semis
Jdg already in msi finals tho so …
Knight can just run it back
@Dean aphelios has a 49% WR WTF
do the new items make him broken or smthn
gotta try
I heard hypers got worse
Hm
Lmk how it goes, I just got home so I haven’t played league in like 2 weeks LOL

twitch is balanced btw
wtf

lpl vs lpl lfg

LOL
Gigabiiiiin

Twitch chat is fucking stupid lmao
They spammed “China cheating pause”
And turns out it was gumayusi that spilled his drink..
if they win this will be such a sick losers run
@Dean XDDDDDDDDDD
how am I just always right
the funny thing is im usually like half memeing
but like a little tiny bit serious
Playin + losers combo op
mb
if they move to lec its doomed lmao
You think they can crack it in lpl
theyre just gonna be the new 13th place lpl team
Do they have enough money
Or lck xd
i doubt theyll get into lck
the rumors been lpl for like years
Imagine they flop in lpl lmao
thats what i expect to happen

“They’re going to lpl to get their money back from Peter zhang” xDDDD

LMAOO

finally watched BLG v T1 but
idk
maybe t1 is tilted?
making so many mistakes for some reason
uncharacteristic

damn that was just decimation
(i said that before the caster, he stole it from me)

JDG JDG JDG

damn BLG took a game off JDG

Jayce 100% wr btw
would be the highest prio champ at msi except all the non chinese regions suck at him lOL
Final Bin getting 5+ solo kills ✅ BLG, GG, G2 making it out of playins ✅ Gen. G or JDG not winning MSI (JDG) ❌ Top 4 containing a western/minor region team ❌ Highest presence champ being anyone but Annie, Rakan, or Vi (Vi) ❌ LEC > LCS ✅ 5 or more games of Lucian/Nami vs Zeri/Lulu (0 xd?) ❌  More 3-0s than 3-2s ✅ 85+ unique champs (81) ❌
Unfortunately, No one won, but @Vernon got 7 and @Avery and @Valor got 6 right. So congrats to those 3!

slight mistake
the Vi one was phrased where yes would be NOT vi, as Vi was most played the correct answer would be ❌ right? not sure if it has an impact but hey maybe Vernon gets a skin

i handled it in a spreadsheet elsewhere lol
but ty for the correction
i changed the wording in this channel to reflect the most picked option for each question
I was kinda gaming

You got everything right except the 2 meta questions lol

Yep
Knight was the best mid laner at msi this year
Let’s goooo

I didn’t watch pro at all this year
And wasn’t playing solo q
So I had no idea
What was playable
Lol
My goat

Beryl is a clowj
change my mind

IS SOMEONE DISRESPECTING THE SUPPORT GOAT?

hes bad
change my mind

Okay so your are wrong : 1) 2 time world champ on 2 different teams 2) good player
Support goat NUFD
Also went to finals 3 years in a round, u can’t do that without being great
hes an incredible IGL
Bot#8380 and sweats would u have enough to reconnect
hes not an incredible support
not by a large margin
I consistently find that when I watch him he performs sub par
not bad, just he misteps a lot or gets caught out
He looks bad rn cuz he has to hardcarry a garbage team, and is too busy playing gacha games

And that's what goats do

W

woah doinbaby
We have ascended to true content region
This is so crazy
:stirring:
Are u watching HLL rn?
If they need a diamond jg it's my time baby
Turn this shit on
No I haven't xd
They’re just dropping updates in real time this is nuts
LOL
Ttv: travisgafford
Wait does this mean I should just not watch lcs
But my rewards pepehands
They’re talking about it rn
Said it’s better for ppl to witness the clown show
More ppl seeing the dumpster fire the worse for riot
Thought you were playing in lcs
:)
LOL
I'm on it chief

@Blake play on lcs with me 😳
Cant already duoing bot with Nickich
LOL
Dude I’d believe it

Insane lineup

@hongbaabaa ur team sucks
:?
Wait for ming to come
2-1 loss to LNG
Smodge
LNG is good tho
At least jackeylove played well
Can’t even flame him
Oh definitely
I agree
Wait for ming 🙏
Rookie didn’t look great tho unfortunately
Hall missed your type to shine

~~Bro scrimbot already types like it’s had a stroke sometimes even without ingesting your messages, please be considerate of scrimbots health/sanity~~ It’s all love
You’re blood volume is quite good
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?
Nacl 🔫 Doublelift
Bro cannot keep his mouth shut ever

bruh
imo the walkout was good
even if they start with ridiculous demands
it shows riot they want to be taken seriously
I mean yeah idk why DL insists on fucking over the lcs xd
yeah he kinda just
opened a pathway for riot to say
"oh we're just nto going to listen to you now"
I wouldn't be surprised if he didnt even vote to walk out initially
true
rip na league

💀

Lcs just cut a deal
Expect a tweet in 15 minutes
Apparently

JKL is such a chad

@Stanley @Zack @Noam @Psycho Carrot @hongbaabaa @Honan @Evan - LCS just announced that fantasy is getting renewed for summer, previously it was cancelled. I'm just gonna run back the same league from last time. Ill set draft to be tonight at 10pm. Sorry for late notice but not given much time. If you don't wanna play just let the computer play for u or smth
im gooed
but thnx

OK I PLAY THIS TIME
someone @ me at 9:53

Bet

Wait honans team is cracked lmao
Has a trash toplaner but ssumday and licorice are unsigned

JOJO

PERFECT GAME EG LFGGGG

lol wut happened in that flyquest 100t game

Bad things…
I don’t see how picking aphelios yuumi gets you anywhere
Especially when you know they’re going to pick lucian Milio
Impact and vicla didn’t play poorly, but rest of the map was a disaster
8th and 9th place teams from last split undefeated, 2nd and 3rd place teams are 0-2

They finally put him in

Ivern sucks ff

That is insane

... honestly the most sane Neace tweet yet
Waits worse is that I just assumed it was a Neace tweet and it's just some random 💀
I mean he retweeted it so
Kinda counts

Good take
just like yknow
Jersey instead
easily accesibly by most of the NorthEast, and some of the South East, the only parts of the U.S. that really matter
then no player will want to take a break cuz its jersey

Wait that’s gas

Wage slaving it up
:teemothumbs:
That’s my top laner

Going to pull this one in scrims
Ls is going to kill a child after watching this video

I was right :)
he just like me fr
Forgot to swap off Kha runes
sigma male

no way this is real
malrang did what!!!!

Bro holy shit I can’t believe I’m saying this but
DK vs T1 was one of the worst series I’ve ever seen
That was painful to watch

I was sleeb
Was faker back?
wrf
I mean it’s a draven skin account this is probably one of the better names it could have
But yeah it’s terrible bro probably gonna get dropped
tragic
he actually had good takes on twitter too
the build isnt bad?
OH WAITA ITS THAT GUY ??
LOL
i didnt even realize
yea lmao
he had some funny tier lists too

Nah I don’t think the build is bad, just really funny
Can't believe this tweet got someone fired LMAOO
lolll
Deservedly so but still
I mean wheres the lie
Holy shit this is insane

HUH
i check NA LCS For the first time this season
Flyquest is 4-11?
that is so embaressing
the league is in legit shambles

Yes they’re garbage for some reason

Wtf
No way EDG win game 3
They were down 9k gold
How did that happen

Old man Odo
King in the Top

i like that a lot better than the Esports Pose

True

Bruh lpl is so much more entertaining to watch than lcs
Games are way more hype

L take
Eg vs TSM was *riveting*

It was the best one so far but all of the lpl playoff games have been just as good if not better
I mean I feel like it’s a hard take to have considering lcs has had 2 playoff games so far 💀
And tl nrg was disgusting
Nah tl nrg was fun as shit to watch though
Nah that shit hurted
The one series you’ll ever see where the gold lead means literally 0
Anyone could win at any time
The only lpl game I was a little disappointed in was LNG TES
I was gonna say that was the TL-NRG equivalent b/c they were both first round
Baseline gameplay quality being better just keeps me a bit more entertained
Also helps that lpl just has a bunch of goated adcs which makes me happy
FBI and Yeon hater smh :pain:
I don’t like yeon
FBI is aight
But like
Ruler
Gala
Jackylove
It was a bit tm
on the other hand tl has pyoshik
Only good adc in na is berserker
Worst player na maybe
At least in spring
Not anymore
Lmao
Only adc that can compete with lpl adcs atm is Peyz
Maybe Hans
Nah I think Hans gets clapped
Maybe he can compete with some
This is what I meant yeah
Oh oh ok
I think he can probably contend with 2/4 of whoever lpl sends
If he gets a good draven matchup especially
Yeah
I can’t wait to see jdg play internationally again
Gonna be hype af
Agreed
I didn’t  realize kanavi is korean?
Neato
Maybe we actually get jdg/geng this time :smodge:
Pls
How many spots does each region get?
Nvm found it
Top gets to go thank god
I’m so hype for the lec 4 vs lcs 4
I would be sad if rookie couldn’t go
If they win 2 consecutive bo5s lol
Oh yeah gauntlet
I have have faith
Is EMEA lec?
Yeah
I think if lng wins, they and jdg get the automatic seeds but if jdg wins, it’s them and blg
But the team playing edg is either lng or blg
So chinas seed are are gonna be JDG, 2 out of (EDG, LNG, BLG) and then 1 out of (those 3 + TES and WBG)

Damn it’s gonna be stacked
Wait in what scenario would edg play blg?
If lng win finals?
It’s going to be such a banger
Praying on wbg downfall
Yeah

wow LNG forward momentum

kniiiiiight
my goat
wow one fight ended the game

Silver scrapes baby
Lfg

Knight makes a good play and they call this mf scout 💀
Wrong mid

This team is so illegal
:ruler:

@Valor

30 minute pause at the beginning of lcs game 5
Haven’t watched is it a freeze?

It was spellbook bugged and someone couldn’t use flash

Tell me how this is not a skill issue

Never said it wasn’t
He should be able to just unbug it
Like
It’s not that hard

Exactly

holy fuck t1 vs kt

Real

i feel like in game 2 t1 against gen G drafted a comp with negative damage lol
they catch out sejuani and can't even kill her zzzz
wait
i hate playing draven into nilah
i gues im just bad
i thought nilha was a good draven counter lmao

what
NRG won LCS?
thats complete choke by c9
Palafaker too good
imagine having c9 budget and losing
Fucking Best In (na)
+ Ignar
somehow LCS is so bad at using budget
i think LPL is the best at scouting the correct players
the more money team has the better they perform
Then why aren’t top and edg at worlds :)
u know their budget is less than the top 4 teams right
Is this public info or
(I just want to make u feel sad about top)
the exact budget isn't posted but I know TES ran out of money a little
they couldn't pay knight to stay ik
and thats why they cheaped out on support and top
WBG and BLG are extremely rich
Neither of them won xd
idk where the JDG money came from but obviously it paid off. their roster is clearly the most expensive
yes but the team that spent the most moeny did win lol
i know that JDG budget had to be insane
to retain kanavi and 369
and knight is probably most expensive mid laner in china
and im sure ruler is getting paid well
Maybe they just like each other
RNG used to be oen of the richest team but
i heard they imploded a little
Isn’t there a salary cap for lpl tho? I imagine there’s a few teams all at the same level
yeah thats what im saying tho
clearly TES is not hitting the salary cap
Gotcha
there is no way mark and wayward are getting paid that much
Squidward $2 salary
if ihad to guess
LNG probably spent the least for the best result
zika and hang are big budget
hang was considered pretty dogshit lol
scout not that expensive either proabbly considered mid tier
and if i had to guess thye got a deal on gala
cuz that man was desperate to leave lamo
lmao
Kaisa 1 trick in kaisa meta
Idk I think c9 just egod
I don’t think they are worse than nrg/tl/gg but holy fuck they are cocky
And nrg and tl closed the gap like crazy during playoffs
Leveled up so much
Pyosik is actually playing like a world champ now
Also if Emenes wasn’t an inter c9 would have just won
Pyosik hit smite challenge *IMPOSSIBLE* (NOT CLICKBAIT)
Idk this is the first time in 5 years I’ve felt happy about more than 1 of the Na teams we are sending to worlds
I feel like all of the top 3 teams have some pretty solid strengths
facts he trolled LOL

Literally the whole weekend was just Palafaker gapping inting academy midlaners :(
FBI went craaaaazy on sunday
Yeah Yeon and FBI played so well
Berserker too but zven was just kinda afk so it was hard for him

I may be staying up to watch dk vs hle that series is gonna go nuts

showmaker vs viper :000

Dude canyon is
so good
wtf

out of the last 18 lck midlaners at worlds, only *ONE* has not been BDD, Chovy, Faker, or Showmaker

Zeka
(lost to showmaker today)
Broxah goated?
#esports
??
imm oppenhiemr of brian dmg
brian dmg

@Jar Special Agent Caps ensuring Fiddle cant win and that Matt is going to type his shit fir kuje a weeej agaub

HOLY ROBO PLAY WTF

why are they letting g2 brokenblades ksante through....
He has too many champions
Kled and Darius are scarier
he has a 13 kda..... the most kda in the entire lec,,,, second place is a 3 kda
thats fair
He's the pride of nazuma
Did you know he shall not yield
I mean sarvaris jhin has 17.00 kda but we leaving that up every game
Js
wait what
@Sarvaris when was this gonna be discovered by me
Bot#8380 why not gonna import taxes
thank you!
Scrim bot spitting here

missed most of game 2 (saw g2 was up by a lot) what did i miss
g2 won game 2 and fnatic stomped game 3 looks like?
Game 3 was really close
o okay
Game 2 was not
saw Noah was like 9/1/5
Bot#8380 hi  {Reactions} 👋 (3)  [2023/09/10 午後 02:41] nomulus assumed the rest of the team was similar
Yeah it was even until last few minutes
Couple good late game teamfights
ic

It's looking a little joever

Jhin is pepega champ though?

Not urs bb
:stirring:
Bot#8380 ok unless anivia and i don'll give off meta
true
who is TW im mega blanking
Bro I got no clue dawg
“Team whales”???
lmao
aren't they VCS rep
Yeah 2nd seed
oh shit I thought you were joking
they're actually team whales
praying for the JDG win this year
hold up
its BDS vs GG for the last play ins spot
Bot#8380 banner
surely crownshot doesnt lose right
Yes sir
yah it's the eu vs na grudge match
surely crownie can go to worlds  {Reactions} copium  [2023/09/10 午後 07:22] jeandones Licorice :prayge:
who's on GG?
exactly
Licorice - river - gori - stixxay - Huni
It’s a pretty good roster
They just need to show up
Is River the guy who dominated LatAm or CBLoL or whatever
(Unlike what bds did vs fnc)
PCS but yeah
went from KR to PCS to South America? or am I confusing him with someone else
Oh
I think bds bot shits on gg
Maybe?
oh wait am I thinking of Tinowns
I thought tinowns always played Brazil
true
River and gori both came from PCS
My excuse is that I'm sick \:)
was River on PSG for years
Gori played in KR after tho
Ty will
idk if your serious or not but np bestie
No I was just about to look that up lmao
Saved me the clicks
ooh okay
epik
well I am LEC fanboy
so will still hope for Adam to absolutely gigastomp top
I think if river and gori actually decide to play the game nuc might be a bit boned
yesir
Yeah if gg wins it has to be through mid jg
I’m scared of Adam tbh (both NYNB and BDS)
Sheo looked really good in Winter but idk he's kinda stagnated
is it going to be a bo5?
yeah
awesome

Gam are my goats
Hope they go all the way
(does this count as esports?)
Meh

Wait Kesha and Dante’s champ switch
Fire

MSF vs SKT is on lolworldchampionships rn
God bless
My fav series of all time
So no TSM in LCS but their roster stays

Honestly flipping their roster might not be the worst thing they could do
@Dean is he cookin
t1 ownar
t1 onnar
Putting pyosik in won worlds tier is kinda based
Huhi slander is crazy
Spitting about poppy
The Levi one is really good too
I mean it's kinda based no
The huhi slander
No?
What does that guy do wrong
Gori and River are the inconsistent ones
I haven't watched a single lcs game this year ngl
I've just been hearing hes been mid since forever
Boy are you in for a surprise
Lcs good actually
Palafaker

Palafaker my goat
@Dean
Kelvin is getting shaded more than huhi tbh
Kellin**
The adc one cooked

LMAO

The Elyoya/Yike category super based
Legit think if they were able to spend a whole LEC split bootcamping in Korea they'd be on par with best Eastern junglers
this video was so fucking well put together
holy shit
i didn’t notice this coming out 2 months ago but it came up in my fyp bc i was watching video essays about esports and i saw this and i was like Woah
didn’t know all this about them!

Watched the live premier :glasses:
That and Baddest
Here for the big vids

When is worlds stuff starting?

October 9 I believe
Gg vs bds
Wait are we really starting on a fucking banger like that

It’s the worlds qualifying series
Do u follow lolesports at all :pain:
They announced this in January
No lmao

The fact that team Korea warmed up for their Asian games matches full roleswapped is really funny
Top - Ruler Jg - Zeus Mid - Keria Adc - Chovy Sup - Kanavi
Kanavi went 9/18/7 on Yone support and Zeus was the only positive player on their team and won the game for them 20/9/12 taliyah jg
Can’t make this shit up

kr national team goes all fill
I believe they played main roles in the tourney
All the vods are in whatever language they speak in latvia
latvian
lettish
latviešu valoda
The yt title was Cyrillic that’s all I know
latvian uses the roman alphabet
Then maybe it’s in Russian idk
The channel is “vivalatvia”
everything i can find says its in china
Bot#8380 it
It is occurring in china, one YouTube channel has managed to avoid copyright purgatory, trying to figure out what language the guy is casting it in
youtube autocaptions think its russian and the english translation is coherent which confirms for me
why are they running sfv at asian games
It was supposed to happen in 2022
And the qualifiers were played in 2022
oh that makes sense ig
I assume switching games would be weird
But also they’re playing on a league patch from may so
They kinda just don’t know what they’re doing
Still better than global Olympics esports
:PFFFTTTOOO:
It’s the statikk shiv patch lmao
didnt they run like random mobile games or something
Kinda
Some of them were like developed in partnership with the Olympic committee so I think random isn’t the right word
A lot of them were like mocap games tho
WAIT THEY ADDED FORTNITE LMAO
I didn’t even realize
Specially designed creative island map just for shooting targets 💀
some weird custom mode where theyre only shooting targets apparently?
what a shitshow
Yeah
I’m not *that* upset about that one
surely has anything to do with what fortnite actually is
surely the best game to choose for a virtual shooting competition
It’s better than virtual taekwondo LMAO
why hold esports if its just going to be virtual versions of things that are already olympic events
I think Gran Turismo and Chess were like fine
gran turismo sure
Not the racing game I would have chosen but
chess wtf why not just
regular chess
I mean yeah
But chess isn’t in the Olympics already right?
better for streaming probably
surely we're not calling chess an esport
is chess an esport?
And like premoving and stuff is arguably different than irl
i guesssssssssssssssssssssssss
There’s online competitions so yes?
it feels different when the differences between the "real" one and the online one are so miniscule
The archery, sailing, tennis, cycling, and taekwondo ones are the ones I disagree with
B/c they’re just worse than the actual sport
Maybe you could argue combat sports without physical damage is ok?
it depends how the taekwondo is implemented but im going to assume that its shit
Baseball isn’t in the Olympics anymore and it’s a very arcadey game so that’s fine, justdance is like whatever and Fortnite shooting is different enough from real shooting that it’s passable
street fighter too violent for olympics but actual combat sports are fine
It’s governed by the world taekwondo federation so it might be ok
unironically would be a better game choice than most of what they had
I would guess it’s the oversexualization of the women :)
olympic committee too cowardly to put juri feet on espn
Smash might have been ok
But smash is a terribly designed esport (not that this would influence the Olympic committee)
if it was smash theyd get nintendo involved and it would be the worst ruleset the world has ever seen
That’s what I mean yeah
Wait better or worse than mr. Josh smash
i dont remember what the mr josh rules were i just remember thinking it was dumb and funny
I just remember you rage quitting lmao
It was like
did i rage quit or did we have some agreement abt something and i got mad that i lost it
High items with only certain items on and it might have been time ?
maybe both
or was that a different year
i was in smash club in HS and let this guy borrow my controller and when I beat him he got mad and spiked/ dropped it
Both happened at different times
i remember a wailord being involved
I mean what happened was the good players just abused the shit out of the people who didn’t play smash but were required to play this clown-ass smash tournament as our required exercise activity with the hammers
And then like top 4 was a real tournament
Except with items
And it might have been battlefield only
It was just super inconsistent
I don’t think anyone had fun
we just ran our own afterwards right
or was that the next year
OHHH
Ok
No so he proposed a rule set and like trialed it on Monday and made it mandatory to participate
oh this was the year after the agreement incident
Then on Saturday he replaced the official one with it and we just ran one upstairs with the 8 people who wanted to play
I think on your Wii U
I didn’t leave the 3rd floor all day except to grind lethal league on 2nd floor during downtime lmao
was this the year we played a bunch of fgs also
Yes?
Yeah b/c I would play mkx with Mr Josh all the time
Which made his lack of understanding of smash even funnier
that guy did not like me
You’re polarizing
for reasonable and unreasonable reasons
did he play other fgs or just mk
cuz "casual mk player wants smash to have items" totally tracks with my understanding of the audience for that game
i wanna say he played other stuff too

Korea apparently shitstomped china
Do we think china just let them win for the military exemption or is it simply the 2 best players on chinas best team are Korean :clueless:
its that korea numer 1

It would be really funny if they lose in finals

I mean last year wasn’t lcs dominant?
Like LCK couldn’t match the tempo diff
You’re smoking meth
Also this is Asian games?
Cuz they’re not used to someone having more than 300 gold over 10 cs/min
Idk I feel like I remember JDG winning
Oh you mean lpl
Jdg won msi
Lck slaughtered worlds
Yes this is the team with 2 Korean players
Kanavi and Ruler are Koreans

Ah
But three Chinese better than 3 Koreans thinking about it another way
Maybe it’s the fusion dance or some shit lmao they need a combo
I mean Korea just had a rough msi
China just randomly does better there every year I fear

korea saves that shit for worlds
fr

And Korea wins gold
I genuinely tried to figure out who they played against but info on the Asian games is like forbidden knowledge I guess
Chinese Taipei

Na gm
Wait shit I have to dogsit
The dogs don’t sleep until 11 :pain:
@Dean just pull a big ol 56 hour no sleep
Xdd
Easy peasy
Once I’m not in charge of other living things I’ll just start sleeping at 7pm
That’s when the sun goes down anyway
Thank god LOUD vs GAM is the 6am and not the 3am
Kinda upset that GG is at midnight the first day but I'll suffer through to watch em
Ez dub
Wait is it best of 3 or 5 I forget
5 I am pretty sure
Ok 3-0 ez

You’re thinking about this the wrong way
Start sleeping at 7 am and prob solved
@Lamb is like D1 sleep schedule rotator
It changes on a bidaily basis as far as I can tell

ooh

SHIP DEAN JONES
thank you i will!
@Dean get in the fucking box

Don't sleep

Who's watching the games TN
what games?
There are no game tonight they start Monday night
Golden guardians will smash bds to defend NA
🇺🇸
gawd bless americuh
Oh yea
Oop

Who wants to watch the series tn in call?
Reposting just to let everyone know the script for worlds
i'm in eSports Watch Party call if anyone wants to watch together
based taliyah jg fp
amumu supp!!!!!
ths is such a based draft
Praying for my boy crownie
these drafts are sleeper wym
/s hehe
as god intended

jesus

THE GAREN LOL
Its so over
what a draft from GG
insane
its over for bds
it's so joever
BRO WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS
Jacob pretending I don't exist in call 😦
I CAN'T HEAR YOU
that's not on me D:
my ring is green
My goat
Lmfaoo
Let’s go River
its ok bds come back
-_-
we shilling

I’m glad the observer bug is affecting pro that means it might get fixed
true this is hype
I just wanna see how Adam survived that play earlier
How have they not tested this ….
small indie game company xd
If it’s not fixed for worlds it’s mad embarrassing
Introduced in patch 13.15 I’m pretty sure
right how tf
like mid knock up at 20% hp huh??
Yeah who knows
We will never find out
just tuned in, i know nothing ab these teams besides gg loses a lot and is american
or european idk
Drakos might be my favorite caster now that Caedrel retired
I like Medic too
rip caedrel
i love medic
garen in pro play is crazy
i like captain flowers
seeing belveth in pro play is cringe rahhhh i hate that champ
taliyah mid makes me happy....... @Stanley
I’ve been that kalista so many times
adam is so based for that one
I mean
That is the expected outcome
Stixxay just trolling
Doesn’t practice against enough garens
no shot that ult killed huh???
Quick maths
truly
this is a honk mimimi game
baked take
It’s like 300 true damage + 30% missing hp
L take
Alana doesn’t like any games slower than ur average gold game
(Every pro game)
yeah i like SPEED
FAST
take some
i want shit happening!
Wait for vod then watch at 2x
Bot#8380 they  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2023/10/09 午前 01:14] 8.013 its 20 minutes! get out there girls!
there haven't been many plays
1 kill every 2 mins is pretty fast
but all the plays that have happend are sick as hell
this is definitely not the slowest pro game i've ever seen
I miss the days of t1 winning games with 0 kills
idk man i am only recently beecoming esports pilled
Yeah I loved the part where Stixxay didnt ever play against Garen
i've seen 4 kill games at 30 minutes
That was really funny
oh i know league used to be slower
that azir kill was wild
It’s a challenge between garen and neeko at who can look more useless
like it was a meta where the plays were so calculated and everything took forever
i didnt watch esports when that was the meta so i never watched them bc it was boring
Korea used to be the hyper passive only take 80% or better plays
i did like khan because of his opposition for it
yeah . we need more messy american blood on the rift to fuck around and find out
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?  {Reactions} disappointed (3)  [2023/10/09 午前 01:17] 8.013 like g2
surely g2 is american
theyre american core
i dont care theyre european
2 of them played in NA so ig you're spitting
based
oop
ezpz eu > na
well
jg diff
Neeko wins the useless competition
better smite better jg
if they do not fix this spectator shit asap
screen jiggle?
man
river got the worst soul na lfg
Dude wtf
this is watchable for sure
brother Uhh
Riot games.
for fucking worlds
wtf
I cannot believe it
LMFAO
It’s not worlds
not *yet*
It’s different
:clueless:
so true
I mean it’s literally not
i think scrim zone production clears
Top 10% of SZ games beat this one yeah
has the word worlds in the stream title
therefore counts as worlds
this is true
certainly
i agree
i saw the letters 'WORLDS', who am i to disagree?
i just work here man
It’s really good for ksante no?
Licorice 1v9
im being pedantic lmao the soul is good on their team
BDS looking like spring BDS again
GGs unfortunately also looking like early spring GGs
All these stock-ass assets are so funny
They’re trying to save the worlds stuff for worlds so this series gets nothing
It's amazing
I love it
Featuring “dirt explosion” “background chime music”
🔥 🔥 🔥
BDS CURS E OF Q ING 得小国提位主委接正間員下。判生可米明対向情召文要全。張様化政月聞芸濯利業筆何針枯囲。示海金債問衛供試申外製給質除政金高希先。権稚経車表肥造蔵行体歴広前打政得実院。困仲原県真総原剛分含談芸石独雅投投。式中投掲作能楽建楽取索択省立目活決場従。秀見長明馬職徴賞図喜貴唯。活科聞用場断学傑日齢特中。健作多一閣平経曜存声車復場高
ivern azir jax LMAO
LOL
jg diff
Sheo is crazy what the fuck
forest within has been hyping up flashing the wall play for a couple years lmao
@Blake you think moonstone is better over shurelya here xd
I think ff draft
We let enemy get Ez Ori gg
i agree lmao but that doesnt answer my question
Yeah probably
glad they are highlighting this garen outplay
I love Garen :3
Sad he'll probably get nerfs post worlds
na aka near airport
GG aka goodbye gamers
reak
garen is weak tho thoughts
^
airport speedrun complete
They went back home before worlds even started
GG
As expected easy bds w

Fastest airport speedrun in worlds history?

eg wouldnt have done this ...

lord
3+ pentas is looking good considering there was one on the first day LOL

I like it
I think Gen g is likely not going to win but I’m on the copium pack so I’ll say you’re right with that one
Jdg is probably the ez vote

Idk anything about the pro scene but they picked garen twice in recent match
To clarify I mean bds vs gg
So if weird stuff like that keeps happening it'll be an interesting worlds

I think that’s more of an Adam thing than a pro play overall thing unfortunately
manifesting that we will have similar champ diversity to last year
banger meta last year
oh they swappednvm

bedge draft bruh lmao
senna is cool ig xd

senna player gets punished lfg
worst teamfight ive ever seen from dfm there
holy shit
they looked to flip the elder and then didnt hit it until rumble ult comes back up and they die
ender looking slay af wtf
as always

LFGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
ADAM GOING OFF
Lethal tempo Darius sigma detected

Top is op cuz Darius 1v9ed true statement

yeah, cooking unseasoned boiled chicken with no sides

BDS looking uhh
Bad xd

Apamen looking worse though

pop blossom vs lady with boomerang who will win  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/10/12 午前 03:38] nomulus LS in shambles team with 2 crocs in the lead

nah im ngl neeko is the most fake "good" champ of all time
theres so many times neeko hits like a 5 man pop blossom and just loses the fight anyway

lowelo post
shes just worse malphite bro
idk bro you hit 5 mann ults into losing teamfights can you really say the champs good
exactly
ad neeko is good yall just dont believe in it surely :prayge:

“Hide as a minion and they just don’t understand how they’re dying!” The zed looking at the raptor on his blue

not even done with the first week of playins and already 3 pentas LOL
thats 50 crystal ball points in the bag
thats based

beanj abt to get the most omega frozen heart buy of his life btw LMAO
whales winning 😎 🐋
i think artemis' paypal check went through
adc weak lads
slayder kinda the goat

wukong ori back from the grave lmao

SILVER SCRAPES LETS FUCKING GO
This is what we’re here for

GODS (and renekton)
🤤

||team 1, geng, pool 4 team gam  team 2, nrg, pool 4 team wbg  team 3, g2 pool 4 team dk  team 4, jdg pool 4 team bds  team 5, t1, pool 3 team TL  team 6, cloud 9, pool 3 team mad  team 7, blg, pool 3 team ktr  team 8, fnc, pool 3 team lng||

Rip TL

Tl clears fraud skt
Battle of the frauds tbh
APA RUNS FAKER
Real

oh no......
they win everywhere else
if poby was still in
APA clears

TL wins easy

top 3 from lck and lpl + g2 and c9
easiest pickem of my life
na koreans clear fraud t1 i fear

if this is a fear of yours you should consult a medical professional about an anxiety disorder
Nah bro it's just facts
mason conspiracy theorist ⁉️
or are you an enjoyer of alternative facts
Wdym it's just the truth
Bot#8380 no what the end
as the kids say, youre silly for this one
if the na imports were any good they wouldve stayed in their native regions and not been shipped off to lcs gulag xd

wdym bro lcs is where real talent is born

over here in the land of the free anyone with the drive and determination to be a league pro gets into crypto instead

Wait did someone sell a spot???
Oh astralis did
Are they keeping AST roster or bringing up their lfl one

is guma using drx ashe

psyosik is back baby
holy shit
KR can bleed?
psyosik haters in shambles
never mind it's joever
adc diff
Bot#8380 how youd assume blue
guma too good
damn
team too heavy pyosik oh well
Were so fucking bad at this game bro
close one
Glad TL decied to lock 2 dogshit worthless champs and leave Ori open for B1 Faker XD!!!!
my pickems were close to being threatened more like

TL was actually kinda close lol

YOYYYYAAA

Mad is so shit
Lmao
surely NA will not outperform EU
:copium:
MAD is actually so coinflippy it's insane
We have g2 so it’s fine
Hylli + Carzzy + Nisqy is a crime
Also chadam copium
I heard FNC scrims have been good
So we can hope
Is Oscar playing?
yeah
Oh nice
It’s fine
Mad is all fucking turbo washed
true
except elyoya
get that man out of pisslow
True
I’m on the g2 beats dk copium
me too prayge
Who’s ready to see gam get their shit absolutely rocked
wait is G2 not next
shit there goes my sleep sched
Yup
gam will put up more of a fight than bds mark my words
G2 is 5th lol
FUCK
You forget chadam
And jdg tossing random games
Bo1 Prayge
jdg is my pick for 3-0 lol
Gen g is mine I believe
yeah that was my other choice
i'm not familiar enough with eastern teams
I see names I recognize my brain releases the dopamine
Me when TL has a better game against t1 than mad vs c9

Just watched the g2 game
LFG

The round 2 matchups go crazy lol

Round 2 is just teams vs their regions
all my picks won their r1 except kt who played another one i picked im too smart
International play smh
almost same Im betting on the yearly lpl flop on BLG
I knew it was probably correct to not pick DK but
i like them!
wild that ori ult didn't hit here

Surely we don't ban Hans Draven
Surely G2 will learn not to flip barons :pain:

how fucking useless is adam lmfao
hate that player
definition of an ego player
and then meets a top laner thats not a bot and gets shit on
yeah keep picking garen buddy
this guys for sure thinking wow i played that fine look at my stats
and then doesn't realize garen was actually just so useless ina  teamfight that there was no way BDS was ever winning that game
and yeah apparently G2 is playing well rn
im hoping for a perfect eastern sweep 🙂
im actually sus about t1 the most lowkey
ik DK lost but i heard they were lowkey kinda crazy rn
taking ignite on garen is not playing to win
legit playing to make himself look least dogshit

Avg high elo player huffing “garen is only good low elo” copium
Champ is broken
What can I say
Q is top 10 best basic abilities in game
Makes pyke unplayable
😦
at least adam keeps things interesting
369 is the best top in the world tho no?
Bin clears
And Summit
Summit lmfao
Gets wiped by fudge sadly
Fudge is the worst na top
Adam was the only one playing well
best in the world at weaksiding a tank yes
blake teddy deathmatch irl now
mikyx is so good
wow
kellin
wow
xD
leaked footage of every c9 game from here on out
poor pyosik
True elo hell
Building sunderer on viego means you deserve that fate unfortunately
divine surrender
divine surrendeez n
real
i should be asleep

bro emenes sucks lmao

gamers 2 baby sheesh
G2 BANGER HOLY SHIT

I need to watch that after my exam

Palafox on Ori solo killed APA on Synda
This can only mean one thing
Palafaker >> Faker
Faker? More like Fake KR
On god
wow g2 wbg
what a banger
bruh JDG vs BLG today
just a free wi for JDG
dont even bother playing the match
just hand them the win
almost lost to na
actually real

Surely G2 will learn from their baron throws right :copium:

Ikr
If they don’t see the trend I’d be worried
First baron just cut your losses, don’t give free kills since they’re not getting it anyways
Just pressure bot tower and stuff
you act like this is a new thing
they burn ksante tp and keep hitting
Oh it's definitely not but
I can dream
holy fuck the g2 game
worlds full of bangers so far

my pickems are looking so based rn

Praying for right before finals yike to get a really bad hand cramp
They pick the next best jungler they got
He stomped Dantes on hecarim
And no pro team is banning nunu
Caedrels a fucking traitor
Clearly he’s got the skills
Return of Marcin Jankowski :copium:

Who tf is that

lmao

Carrot is not a knower
carrot is a knower
I know that Kesha would body LCK junglers
They’re all about that slow high tempo farming
He’s all about that super speed super tempo champ farming
Bot#8380 csing is banned from hong
Real
After that awful take no more csing
Honestly not an awful take but like Adam go spin to win fun-e
?
Ur team is 0-2
🤣
Ur team is gonna be 0-3 by tmrw
dont yoou get flamed in korean solo queue for not playing early game lmao
p sure they still build sunderer oon hec cuz its his best 1  item spike lmao
Isn’t our team 4-5
Wat
I’m talking about BDS
He doesn't know who jankos is
Who’s that
Washed up jungler or smthn?
:smodge:
I’m just saying I haven’t heard of this guy on the worlds stage this year
Is he new?
My boy is chained to Evi trolling and flakked coin flip

that mad game was so good

Also Riot hates me
Jdg vs Gen g still not happening
They’re saving it for finals kekw
If dk loses to bds I’m ||killing myself ||
Canna so useless

repeat of kda reveal for league boyband ? what do we think

i think its really funny that theres a world where t1 makes it out of swiss stage only beating na teams

kanavi is fucking insane for hitting that

my pickems are safe 😌

CLAPSS

never mind xd

I was excited for G2 but giving the best Korean team so many comfortable high value meta champions is not a cooking draft.
rest in piss g2
|| get first blood on lucian ||
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?
???
|| lose||
|| caps on this tali mentally abandoning his teammates ||

Drafting Lucian naut sure was a move of all time

Lose first BO3 < get more on stage practice in to prep for quarters

geng stocks looking huge

This.
Jdg/lng/geng stay favorites
nope only geng
my pickems stay winning

Evan sad
Me too
Honestly
Hot take maybe
Hans sama looks weak
Like not bad
Just not super consistent in fights
Mostly noticed on a xayah game vs weibo but like
There were a few times I feel like his ez coulda outputted a bit more dps with less risk
And I’m dog at adc so there might be something there yknow
clearly not only will na win but the worst na team attending will win

Yes.
I wouldnt say Hans looks weak but the drafts are awful. If you rewatch that weibo game you could see many times Xayah puts in mad damage especially on her pullback but this series was clearly draft horrible champions into thee strongest bot lane in meta with the support player being known for his rakan. G2's cooking was read like a book this series. I even saw that potential Sylas game 1 when they drafting mao ez liss in first 3 picks. Baiters got baited. I think G2 will still make it out unless they draft like that again.
They are picking Lucian into xayah rakan lmao
Like bro couldn't perform even if he wanted to
And the immediate rell lock

oh oops just didnt do my pickems

jail and death and woe and plague and famine and war and stinky and poopoo and itchy and soggy and pain

i forgot too >:( i was annoyed that i forgor

T1 might be a good team huh
Oner got tired of being called trash

Banger na vs eu
NA > EU RIP BOZO

copium take is TL wins and then pulls mad lions, and MAD gets elimed solely by playing NA teams

bin is him
fnc looked good for like
15 mins
ill give them that
Yeah it was a entertaining series
who is kt playing
i completely forget
Weibo
ohhhhhhhhhh
banger
I think
yeah ur right
I will stay up for it ...
That should be the most competitve
nah nrg vs mad
gets that title
perfectly even match xdd
We ll see. That game was super scrappy
if KT vs WBG is closer than that game was i will be so happy
but i fear that was the banger for the day
It was definite the most entertaing (At least compared to the t1 c9 game)
apparently c9 knows who is getting kicked off the team so their mental is boomed
Who they think is getting kicked
Emenes?
the way the rumors have been going it seems like its more than just one player
but unsure
no one actually has the info
i dont think
prolly emenes and either zven or fudge id have to guess
I see
berserker and blaber no way
I could see serker going for better opportunies
theyre not kicking him tho
no shot
Ohh wait kicked i misread
probably emenes ya
like i think c9 knows the new roster and some ppl are being replaced
is what ive heard
i cant imagine theyd keep mr xenophobe
Yeah idk that guy is walkimg controversy
he was good enough to justify it in spring but
hes kinda back in his flop era
He spearshotted his rep to the dump
LMAO
bars
I did think that he was okay in that t1 gamr
game*
agreed
He was ahead of faker
he looked terrible in lcs playoffs
sylas -> ori is a terrible matchup tho tbf
Until top lane icident
incident*
They gotta put my aussie boy weak side for once
Bc that jax wasnt it
i mean
worst counterpick na
why are we picking a bad matchup with r4
They play for top 2 hard
Fudge renek would of been better
Bot#8380 lol
^
With that negativity aside
VEry happy for nrg
non rational gamers babyyyyyy
I want them to go the furthest bc i like watching them play
FBI best oce turned na player ever
FBI is so good
im sad eg lost him
Unfortunate that is their lost. My boy is thriving and i got the copium on that they can make top 8
why did that kt video look like big brother lmao
also ofc wbg winning scrims bc everyone ffs! doesnt give them a chance to burger flip every objective and lose xdd
I cannot comment bc idk what big brother is and idk how pro scrims work
I want weibo to go all the way
Caedrel made me a theshy fan
💀
either my fav player or fav team will win this year manifesting a Gen G vs JDG finals
that would go so hard
Thats probably gonna be the finals
theyve dodged each other all year
the narrative going to go crazy
Tbh
ruler vs old team
Geng is so giga rn
my fandom investment is finally paying off
unfortunately the year after ruler leaves us
:gengcap:
I want to cope and have blg in finals but jdg will always be theri kryptonite
their*
blg could beat gen g tho
depends on seeding
Yeah
lng is biggest threat to jdg and blg is biggest threat to gen g imo
t1 loses to both sry
I like blg so much. bin is my fav top to watch
i thought g2 had a shot but after yesterday not sure lmao
t1 probably does lose whick sux cause theyre the second team i want them to win
kt winning would obviously be really cool
but
i wont even pretend they have a chance as that will activate the curse
I just hope damwon miracle runs into quarters
(i want blg to drop out to increase chances of a team i like winning)
Theres so many narratives
My dream is like
Fair enough
JDG vs G2/T1 and GEN G. vs KT/WBG semis
but lng is gonna make semis
i think
Geng lng would go nuts
Lng took one map from jdg
I can see them going far
If a team other than JDG/LNG/GENG wins ill be shocked
even tho idk the history behind them
but those 3 are basically even in my mind
Tarzan and Scout are like 2 of the best players all time
Tarzan was on old griffin (Doran/Sword, Chovy, Viper, Lehends)
Scout won worlds with EDG and has been good for forever
Hang and Zika are newish i think
and GALA used to be on rng hes really good but a bit of a kaisa onetrick (good in this meta)
nod nod
I like the teams who stray from the meta and do something unique which is y i also like g2 and like t1 so much
keria bard was
:deanpog:
It would be cool if Xiaohu wins to prove hes the LPL GOAT
people hating on his name for 0 bc hes never won worlds
i like that guy
i watched him on rng when he played uhhh top
Bot#8380 :
Hes played both on rng but yeah
the role swap went crazy
He got that solo lane dog in him'
That one for one :waowa:
i love this KT roster
BDD is my guy and im glad Kiin finally gets to shine
Lehends also one of my favs
the Gen G boys
I only rlly know lehends only cuz of singed sup
he was on the griffin roster also but yeah he just plays weird shit support
really good player
Honan level cooking
not quite that good
honan solos sorry
AIMING
hOLY
WEIBO DIDNT COUNT THEIR MINIONS
RIP
AIIMINGGGGGGG
LFG
Oh it wasnt even minions
oml
yeah I love doing that play
The nautilous swap
its so slick
Was so giga
Thats the gud shit
This neeko is carrying
BDD is so good
people sleeping on him too lol
So huge with the ults
this is like the 2 most slept on mids of all time matchup lol
That was whiffed by someone
that tri play
Ooooh crisp
FUCK HE SAID IT
why did he have to say it ....
XIAOHU WITH THE JUKES
losable for kt
as it always is
you cant say the word
or they wll lose
Lets hope they dont choke
Uhhh
Na production
:waowa:
Closest 6k gold lead game ive ever seen
that hook.
That was sick
someone SCREAMING
lmao
Nah kt got this
dont say that ...
THERE S NO WAY
THEY GONNA GET BARON
No way
Thats so funny that they get drag
THZIS IS THE GAM E
thank god man ...
GG
wbg probably gonna eliminate an NA team tho smodge
Yeeeeah
i really want dk wbg tho
that would be sick
That went hard
fr
Think with that I go eepy
same tm
Nice chatting  {Reactions} teemothumbs  [2023/10/22 午前 06:49] arnye Gn!
gngn

t1 fucking 5v5 dove them and got a clean ace out of it
maybe theyre not frauds after all

influencer type beat

Congrats to G2

im guaranteed 4/8 for swiss stage pickems :lfg:
bracket luck means i cant do any better than 7/8 though :(
wait thats not true im silly
ok i just need
g2 beat nrg
c9 beat fnatic, then get matched up against nrg and win
the losers of kt/lng and t1/blg arent against each other, and both win

Mine are still alive

praying you are correct about exactly half of the remaining ones

ADAM
XD XD
XDDDDDDDDDDDDD
also listening to LS watch BDS is so funny
"oh crownies doing pretty well he's not down that much"
"oh crownie is undera  lot of pressure rn its okay"

NO WAY LS SAYS "Adam most succcess of any foreign player at worlds"
no
fucking
way
"really sad that adam is gone from worlds cuz now the top lane champ pool shrinks"
bro
bro is complaining that adams losing top lane pool is gone

I mean he's kinda right lmao
At least it's different

hey mason i can lock teemo top in a game too o
does that make me successful
😄
I didn't say he was successful lmao where in my message was that word used xd
I meant he was right in that he's picking new champs no
i see
well
thats like
a moot point
who cares if someone picks champs if they don't win

I mean it worked for him in regional play right it would be interesting if he could translate but he didnt
But ye you are right lmao
I thought it was interesting to watch him try
Appreciate the effort

Yea because regional play is shit
It’s like playing to stomp bad teams but not playing to win
Every costreamer I’ve watched has the same opinion basically
Adam is a useless player to have on your team if you’re serious abo it actual success
But tbf BDS overperformed anyways and with their budget adam is probably the best they can get
Qualifying for groups was not a bad result
he plays for highlight reel and hes based for it. #1 adam fan here

He did really well in playins
I think that counts for something as a 4seed
Also the goat returns????

wow G2 got the luckiest fucking draw

I've been talking to Erik how tf has C9 not ended yet

I don’t wanna talk about it

Wow
C9 FNC clown fiesta
Embarrassing level gameplay
Bot#8380 we will be true

Bruh
Bot#8380 oh
WBG playing like an NA team

c9 throwing my perfect pickems :notlikethis:
well not perfect cuz i was a loud believer but swiss stage

Picking c9 :KEKWait:
Huni on desk goes so hard the goat

they almost did it i thought they were looking decent
L bozo
:(
simply have no faith in NA and you will never be dissapointed

This is the tech

G2 dream

LNG LNG LNG
hey why'd they give gala kai sa g3
I'm an NRG believer
(biggest huff of copium ive ever taken)
my hot take is that t1 will beat BLG
i don't think BLG is great in this meta
elk lost two of his champions
and elk doesn't play kai sa
which is criminal
bro is pulling out tristana in this meta
I need Gala pop off game on kaisa for my pick ems
he's stuck on xayah/tris
he popped off in the KT series
I just need him to have highest kills \:)
but yeah no zeri and jinx being not priority is not good for BLG
I said that BLG wouldn't make it out of swiss
My Pickems are still alive
ok i dont know about that one
\:)
damwon??
xd
thats bold
i think putting damwon after worlds started makes sense but
based off their LCK performance thinking DK would make knockouts was pretty cope
they leveled up a bit, minus that kellin grief on alistair
My picks relay on t1 and g2 winning tmrw/tn
I picked blg as the annual lpl flop team
Yeah same
Oh shit yeah
Same picks xd
not a wrong take
but WBG is worse
strictly worse
It’s usually not the worst lpl team that flops tho
(It’s usually TES)
Or fpx that one year

I have faith in BLG
🙏
anything but top 3 from the 2 real regions is gonna be a bit of a spicy take

Yes but form wise wbg is still the worst
BLG is underperforming but their underperformance is still better than wbg
Surely I knew this before Swiss started!
Surely you knew wbg was coinflip as fuck 🤣

3 heads

NA???!!!
what happened
how are they up 8k
Content game.
G2 sucks
real.
End of story
NA > EU
we shall see
G2 getting gapped lmfao
Content game.

yike!!
i cri
caps looks so washed dude
miky too :disappointed:
rip my pickems
it's okay G2 just needs some more practice in swiss so they can perform in groups
Bot#8380 but gwen that means they all jokes
:copium:
LETS FUCKING GO
NRG

no way
***2-0??????***
Yeah they played really clean and G2 looked really rattled
My goats

WHAT THE FUCK IS A KILOMETER
🦅🇺🇸

PALAFAKERRRR
palafaker what a cutie
Most useful neeko this worlds
actually knight neeko was insane
kanavi and knight basically 2 v 5ed the enemy
after losing their top laner
wow palafaker taliyah is playing so well
Bot#8380 this guide me irl has been able to do the worse if there by looking a few
his walls and placement of the pebbles is so good
MIKYX CHOKE
HOW DID G2 NOT GET THE DRAKE LOL
oh did poppy smite a champion
LMFAO
this is the best possible draw for LPL
i have faith
BLG win

Non rational gamers have done it again….

"Sir. We drew BLG for our qualifying series. What do we do?"
im chovy eating an orange whole
for some reason

just as I was about to say kt curse is real they get an ace
i am not *excited* for that team
G2 > BLG WBG > FNC dont @ me
either lck team could win depends solely on caster curses
jesus christ lck elder flip
fuck ok gotta assemble the dk shrine
#dkwin

deftphelios enjoyers in chat or are we not feelin it
i
will be sad
if g2 don't win
pref DK here
same! i predicted g2 to make it and blg to not
same!
either of these teams can make it idrk
because we had the same picks!
bdd and lehends are past gen g members so I
<3
forgot dean is geng stan
how
lmao
:geng1:
:gengtiger:
:genglolfan23:
is it the ruler pfp
xddd
wait i thought that was faker 💀
racist
wtf
hes in a jdg jersey!
last worlds i didn't know lck teams well enough to know kr/cn teams i'm ngl
oh wait when I click on it it's def not faker
the artifacting on the confetti HOLY SHIT
showmaker is so cute i want him to win
i really like him yeah
but also
bdd ....
is kiin pronounced keen, kine, or kin
or ki-yin
keen

ok back to the KT curse is real camp
holy shit i looked away for 10 seconds
welcome to lck baby
lmao
im a faker hater i would never have him as my pfp
same reason as lebron
hopefully you understand
yuh
too good for too long
(im fine with him winning just not a personal fan)
lebron i dont like
never have
hes a traitor
idk why i said this
lebron i dislike for 2 reasons
these teamfights are insane bro
i love lck <3
2981 :pain:
aiming is outplaying deft so hard this series
gg
yeah
thank god kt didnt choke
sad no showmaker
this was just a really good series
yeah
waht happened to him and canyon
im so sad these teams had to play each other
and i guess dk in general
showmaker just has lost motivation
canna is like a clown tbh
ah ic
compared to nuguri
it used to be like a group of friends and now its different rosters and its just a whole thing
strength of the team was their synergy and bond and now nuguri is like quitting and the bot lane is gone and just ...
😔
last dance lookin ah
w/e deft going back to the military
should have just retired and let dk sign prince lmao
wait he's done?
idk how kr military deferment works
i think he had to this year but was able to postpone by 1 year
so i think he has to now
hard to know yeah, some of it is on the governement to send you the correct mail
so if they like, forget, then you dont have to
im not 100% sure on that but thats my understanding of it
give prince to dk tho
should be gas
or he can stay in lcs !
i met him!
get rid of kellin
alistar irl
kellin not the issue during regular season lmao
what does this mean ...
bull in china shop
idk lol i saw like 2 DK games this whole season (including the 2 i saw in postseason)
he just
did not look good
yeah idk
its joever
also both games happened to be alistar
weird ass roster
I wasnt fucking w it
maybe the dk era is over
hopefully this series goes to 3
but theshy clears oscarinnin so hard its not even funny
if fnc takes a game i will be pleasantly surprised
bring back wunder
europe has looked so shit
NA > EU
apparently
hate to say it (i dont hate to say it)
we are eating good
NRG is on my fucking ocmputer
how long has it been since na made it out of groups?
uhhhhhhhhh
we are so fucking back
until yesterday
jacob said he heard it was 6 years but that doesn't sound right xd
what the fuck is jacob smoking
i want some
im actually surrpsied DK got 2-0ed
they made it out in 2021
i heard they were playing well in scrims
aiming diff unironically
also they drafted aphelios both games in bad aphelios spots
deft just looked useless
but yeah agree
was expecting a 3 gamer
clearly scrims dotn mean shit
cuz you know the other team that was apparently scrim gods
last time NA won a game in quarters was 2018? Maybe thats what jacob was thinking?
for EU it was 2020
g2 :MonkaW:
mm hmm
yeah thats what uzi said he heard from his friends
G2 are good
Source: Uzi's friend apparently
slightly better than  Source: I made it up
Uzi wouldn't lie
Would he
didn't even know what team he was on xd had to look it up
man Bwipo - Broxah - Caps - Rekkless - Hylli sitting next to each other
Is such a mindfuck
like uzis friends are the LPL players in worlds rn
I KNOW ITS A BIT !
man
idk what it is
but feels like like all the old guard of EU
just aren't here anymore 😔
all contract jailed or something
perkz is leaving vit
Broxah and Bwipo are TL streamers lmao
imagine we get wunder on TH with Jankos and Vetheo
inject it into my veins
Medi haircut?? :OOO
he had it yesterday too lol
looks sharp
Bot#8380 no
i didn't see!
i went to sleep after g2/nrg because i was sad and also had to wake up at 8!
i thought he casted that?
no clue
maybe im misremembering

fnc actually looks
good?
other than humanoid getting caught on side cuz like that's never gonna change
or wbg just sucks xd
could be true
holy shit
what
this is nuts
maybe this is the return of the west
you can say wbg looks bad
theshy has been caught out over and over
but you can't say fnc looks bad
agreed

world's worst ali pick?
well i got my 3 game wish and my wbg prediction
:)
Medi dropped the Caedrel reference sheeesh
BLG CURSE OF RA 𓀀 𓀁 𓀂 𓀃 𓀄 𓀅 𓀆 𓀇 𓀈 𓀉 𓀊 𓀋 𓀌 𓀍 𓀎 𓀏 𓀐 𓀑 𓀒 𓀓 𓀔 𓀕 𓀖 𓀗 𓀘 𓀙 𓀚 𓀛 𓀜 𓀝 𓀞 𓀟 𓀠 𓀡 𓀢 𓀣 𓀤 𓀥 𓀦 𓀧 𓀨 𓀩 𓀪 𓀫 𓀬 𓀭 𓀲 𓀳 𓀴 𓀵 𓀶 𓀷 𓀸 𓀹 𓀺 𓀻 𓀼 𓀽 𓀾 𓀿 𓁀 𓁁 𓁂 𓁃 𓁄 𓁅 𓁆 𓁇 𓁈 𓁉 𓁊 𓁋 𓁍 𓁎 𓁏 𓁐 𓁑

wtf is hans doing
did they think sej had no flash?

PLEEEEEASE
GIVE THIS TO ME
ARES!
DESTROY MY ENEMIES…. AND MY LIFE…. IS YOURS!

How did wbg drop a game to fnc 😭😭
And blg dropped one tk g2
Unlucky
Hope LNG beats t1

who linked u this
bc it clearly wasnt u!!!
One-sided ass bracket holy shit
Gen. G either makes finals or gets out in the first round :copium:
Lng T1 is gonna go crazy
NRG vs KT finals will be hilarious

Real

NRG will beat weibo and geng
Sure
Whatever

they will beat weibo
thats the lock of the century
the amount of houses that one will make if they have the balls to bet on nrg is wild
(not me im retired)

I wouldn’t mind NRG beating wbg
I feel like t1 will beat lng
Oner looks good
For the first time for he entire season

@Jonah @Noam pickem leader gang
honorable mention to @Dean who would also be at 55 but rip bozo on the playins coin
I picked gg and gam
Bot#8380 it
I didn’t realize it made you repick after gg lost
If I did I would have gotten both…
I would have been in first by 8 points I’m so mad
im crying internally bc i forgot to do the pickems on time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
but now i can do the semis
Oh up by 10 actually wtf
SAME
also same
not same...
65 if it let me pick what I want 😤
Confusing ass system
Bot#8380 i don’t run as an agreement you declare that

fuck it ill be an nrg believer

same bestie
Make it make sense

non rational gaming
get fucked traitor NA > EU
also i heard that bb and caps got sick the night before nrg game
idk if thats true or cope tho

It was unfair (idk if it’s tru but now that you suggested it THEY WERE SICK REMATCH)
I bet LPL got them sick so they wouldn’t get rolled by an EU team
Cuz nrg is not going places I’m sorry
Keria gonna put that shit down
Did I cook
T1 can't play nrg till gran finals
Rumors are blg is sick to btw lil bro
Am I crazy
Or am I the only one who thinks FBI and Light look related
No comment (ur crazy)
No
Lmao
guess i'll die 😔
Bot#8380 so i have 674 rp holy  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/10/31 午後 08:27] carrotburrito Ya lpl teams getting rid of the biggest competition. T1 is next

blg is a china team you fucking moron
Ik
Weibo needs this
And caedrel has an in with G2
Am I speculating
Yes
Is there a world I’m right
Bot#8380 maybe
Also yes
See
SEE
there literally isnt

Maybe it didn’t happen
But it could’ve
If anything, your refusal to see this just shows how it’s a blind spot in the community

or g2 is just trash

They beat an lpl team
And they brought blg to g3
Almost had it
Cope
I'm a G2 fan and they were not close lol
Their approach to the season was really good minus the *underestimate teams because you beat them in scrims* part which burned them multiple times
If the majority of Western teams approached the game like they do and went into it with a goal of competing with the east maybe we'd see a general improvement in skill and team fighting but until then while we have teams like AST that cruise at the bottom of the standings I don't see it improving much
Yes I know AST is out but they're not the only ones

g2 got absolutly incinerated by nrg like it was a complete blowout
and they beat 4th seeds from lpl and lck
like yea its nice and dandy
but getting ur back blown out by nrg like that is not acceptable if u wanna win the tournament
unless nrg is just sleeper best team at the entire tournament (they are they will win worlds)
and then they fell apart vs blg like that series wasnt close idc if it was 2-1
game 1 they got absolutely ran over game 2 was down to the wire and then game 3 they did better than game 1 but still omega lost

facts on facts
Tbh idk tf I’m talking bout but I think ur right I’m not invested enough to keep gaslighting myself :teemothumbs:

NRG NRG

nvm bro china number 1

ah welp

Just complete draft gap 3 games in a row

Time to put on the JDG jersey ig

u mean gen g jersey

Lmao

An really sees china #1 and thinks Gen g is the answer lmao
Game 1 was close !
:clueless:
Immortals
Immortals will only be good if tactical still plays
Best adc in NA NUFD

is this to say i am not cooking

yea

Correct

oh god
palafaker yone
so bad
LOL
Fuck…
Anywhere but c9

WE ARE FREE OF EMENES LFG

wait how did j4 ori get through on red side

If Doran keeps on playing Jax maybe my Pickems are saved
Fucking hell
Surely we draft 5 scaling into blg
Great idea
U tell me dawg I got no clue
Bin my beloved
Praying for the comeback
I'm sorry I'm such a blg fan
I want them to win
If bin really did that then :gigachad:
Semis is really just gonna be 4 lpl teams
Lpl aatrox too op
Idkk
Gen g can bring it back
It's probably gonna be geng vs jdg for finals but blg is the one who I want to win the whole thing
Surely Gen g wins this series lmao
Worlds Gen g is like the worst team ever 😭😭😭
I’ve had to live this reality for 6 years
I’m honestly fine with Gen g or anyone from the other side of the bracket winning
They got a few more tries
It'll be more competitive this seris.
this game*
Please don’t give Ori j4 again
If they do I’m going to bed
Fuck
Oh
Jarvan rumble
I don’t actually want to go to bed :(
Well they got it
But blg has like the best comp of all time
Gen g is like prioritizing the champs that get priod because other stuff gets banned
sleepy time mr jones
But didn’t ban the stuff that needs to be banned
Nah I’m finishing this bottle of Riesling before I sleep Lmao
Drink when bad thing happens for Gen g
Bottle empty = sleep
Bot#8380 k
Chovy jayce?
Haha jk why would he pick a real champion
Wait xayah sucks with this comp
Nice
Gen g comp isn’t as doomed from draft this time
It’s still joever tho
Blg 3-0
Hate to see it
Idk how they get jarvan again
Nrg could have beaten blg and Gen g could have beaten weibo but
Rng diff
the more sinful thing is they picked j4 b1 and still didnt pick ori lmao
Yep!
It’s so funny b/c aatrox used to beat rumble super hard but when they changed the heat cap the matchup flipped
So Doran about to get smoked
No way
Oh my god Elk
That’s a drink
Oh my lord
This renata pick is insane
It’s so over
THIS IS NOT GOOD
TOP DIVES SUCCESSFUL ON THE OTHER SIDE
bottoms up lets forget tonight
Ohhhhh nooo
OHHHZH NO
PLEASE HOW DID XUN SURVIVE THAT
Yeah except I have to remember it for the next 2 weeks
As Gen g will be out!
Surely they can reverse sweep
3rd time in a row lmao bro it’s been 6
Idk how they look so sloppy
sadly china number 1
It’s b/c lck teams play slow
They aren’t used to aggressiveness
So they panic
elk on kraken slayer LMAO
ff
I don’t know why we didn’t lock Ori xayah
On red
Maokai is not contested
No reason to pick it there
Especially if you aren’t picking jayce
God this is so tilting
Reverse sweep inbound
At least I’m not sitting in a stadium surrounding by people cheering for the other team this time
Oh
That was tragic top
Yeah I don’t see how that goes any other way
It’s a rumble
Ugh
They need to stop forcing and just take a breath
Bot#8380 every time he was invited
The meta read here was so bad
Why are we prioing aphelios over kalista and xayah
And just giving j4 Ori both games
It makes no sense
Maybe they win if they stall 35-40 minutes
Chovy isn’t even the problem this series lmaoo
He’s dodging the choky allegations this time
Even then who knows
You could have argued that last game but
Xayah
Ori
Mid top just struggling rn
They gotta swap it up
Or jg top* I mean
Mid doing fin
e
UM
WHAT WAS
THAT
Yeah I have 0 clue why we aren’t picking xayah orianna
And yeah no clue
One of the flashes of all time
It's so over
I can’t fucjing watch this
What the fuck
Not looking so hot for geng
Series was lost at game 1 draft methinks
Just put delight on an engager with Peyz xayah
Doran isjust getting destroyed
Wow thats a 10k gold lead
2k at like 4 minutes lmao
Elk is disgusting
We really just don’t get jdg Gen g huh
Tragic
That is shocking if its the case
They have one more game
21:52 soul
Not really Gen g are known chokers
I was scared for blg bc they didnt particularly look clean in group
bro couldnt find an op champ if they tried xd
And geng looked pretty good
Gen g played two Garbo teams and t1
Blg played better teams
so 3 garbo teams
Fr
T1 could beat lng
joke tm
I was thinking this would happen
That’s why I have the alc on hand
I’m just not happy about it
I don’t understand how you see the clear draft gap g1 and then fuck up just as bad in the next game draft
Like surely they have the ability to adapt
Well they have too now
They got one more game
you would be suprised xd
That renata is working so well for blg
Damnn
Blg gonna have j4 Ori renata this game too
Just you wait
I did think my wine would last me a *little* longer
Was expecting Gen g to win game 1 then get wiped 3-1
3 minutes until the worst game 3 draft of our lives
Surely they bring it back
What the fuck
They left orianna jarvan again
up
Welp
What the fucj
Why are we taking blue
They banned xayah
On blue
There it is again
What
NOT AATROX AGAIN
Ok no this is fine
Rumbles banned
All the other meta tops lose to aatrox
GP
PLEASE
FOR MY PICKEMS
Ok this might be salvageable
:NOOOOOOOOOOOO:
I’m still going bedge
But I’ll watch in bdd
Bed
Gnn
God I love bdd
They know
Not quite yet
Still have drink !
Barely
Jinx)
Inb4
Oooh
They going for broke
If theres a yone game to play its here
Best draft so far
It’s still awful
But better than the other 2
Yeah
Chovy cant do worst than palafox
On a game 3 yone
I hope i didnt just jinx that
No you’re correct
He can’t be worse than paradox
Palafox
Might be equal tho
Hes so low
Eating that tower shot is :waowa:
I guess hes okay
Yeah ok it’s bedge time
The three daggers :galaxybrain:
At least I’ll be warm and comfy while they lose
Good night!
Gngn
Gonna cry
Well they got one
Then lose 2 immediately
Yyyyyyyyeah
WHERE IS PEANUT GOING]
This is good for geng
xun is owning this fraud peanut
Yeah no this is a jungle
Canyon
Jg top for blg playing big

nvm bro doran is rolling lmao
They're so back
Aatrox is doing so much more than renek
Also that yone ult was the cream
Oh my god doran is just destryoing
I didnt realize the level gap

Oh
My god
It's a game 5
Aint no way
Banger
It is
Delight played really well

Jesus
Christ
That dive
So good

GOD
DAYUM
THAT WAS SO CLOSE
UNTIL THE END
Heartbreak man
||It was too late for geng when the game went 35+ minutes||
Just senna things
Rip my pickems
My pickems making a comeback

banger series

BLG did it again 🙏
LCKs worst nightmare
I will rofl if it’s jdg blg finals
Horrible finals to watch
What else would it be at this point
T1 looks good
Beating lng + jdg good tho?
I’d be down for lng jdg finals
Wait
Lng blg
Typo

lol
apparently doran can only gap zeus
must've been in his contract or something
only allowed to be S tier top laner against Zeus
lol draft meta changed so much
less prio on rumble
i thought that champ was giga busted
also kai sa got dropped lmao
tbf kai sa apparently had a 30% win rate in the swiss
altho noah and yeon played a lot of kai sa and they're... not great

wait
Gen G isnt even the chokers (minus game 2 )
BLG choked so hard lol
g5 was atrocious
Keria
My goat
Imo best support in the world tho I don’t watch too much pro
Beryl is dogshit
Those are my two pro takes
BERYL IS THE SUPPORT GOAT
No
He’s bad
And don’t send that 1 time he self cleansed
He gets caught out constantly
Doesn’t make plays
He’s not awful but he looks like a 4th team support from a minor region

3 finals in 3 years, winning 2, and then goes home to play gacha
Rockstar

does any support have a better 3-year peak?
i don't think so

i dont watch esports much but that game with blg vs gen g was good
we love 5 game series
even if the results make me sad 😦
Beryl was so bad on Drx 💀
I will never forget his game 5 bard
Actually dead weight
But results wise yes
He was rly good on damwon for sure
His knowledge is what guides teams to championships
results-wise, has any support been to 3 straight finals?
3?
He did not go to 3 straight finals lol
i'm being lied to then
Wait wasn’t it 3 finals in four years
Hold on
Oh no no you’re right
It’s damwon damwon Drx
Wolf also did it
as supp
Wolf was pretty okay
Altho the t1 bot lane got a lot of criticism
Yeah hard to say what tangible value beryl provides
Idk I think my favorite support was Keria
Definately has hands
At their peak Keria was like so absolutely nuts
Whereas rn i think like delight and Keria and maybe missing can play about the same
They all have their diff champ pools rn
Delight is rly good at Rakan
Missing is pretty good at engage
I think On is pretty good at renata
Chinese teams are so good at bo5
They’re way more unpredictable than lck teams
Gen g was extremely predictable and that’s why I think they lost
which is chinese is which is lck
Gen g did not think elk would pick kalista or senna
I also don’t think they thought bin would pick rumble
Granted his rumble was….
A lil sus
They also didn’t ban xayah because elk xayah is usually not good but he rly leveled up
Honestly I think blg should swap elk for jackeylove
Jackeylove plays like elk but strictly better
your speaking french to me rn
And JKL has a huge champ pool
blg is lpl, gen g is lck
kk
it was a good series but i lack the subtext

lol why do ppl even still watch LS
i watched his commentary of the BLG GENG game
he just whined about rumble and senna the whole time

I am doing unwell
This is all he’s ever done
Some people just like complaining about everything
I kinda just want whoever wins this series to win worlds
The other 4 teams I’m not a huge fan of
I think the new format really sucks for the teams that go 3-0 tho, they just haven’t looked as warm or prepared as the other teams

Ruler with the Gen g emote 🥹
My heart

JEESUN ON DESK LETS GO
This desk is actually goated lol
Sjokz-Emily-Laure-Jeesun
simp ah
/j
My fav caster isn’t here :(
Fuckin Markz asked not to be at worlds
It’s the most KT skewed desk of all time tho lol
Unbiased cast :clueless:
I’m just happy to see female representation in esports :(
see the /j indicates that its supposed to be taken not seriously lmao
also yea it is really cool
But ur also insane if u don’t know Emily Rand best analyst all time
I know I’m memeing
agreed
i have the tab muted tho cuz im just farming rewards
not a real china supporter
Lol
I’m pulling for my boy ruler
(Duh)
The other horses I had in this race are all out so
Jdg #1
Jdg > kt > t1 = lng > wbg > blg
Gigabin is cool but all the other teams are cooler :)

This game is nuts

this is the kt i was missing for 2 games straight
bro as soon as i hit enter
..

How fucking funny would it be to have worlds in Korea but 4 lpl teams in semifinals 🤣
I think t1 will choke tommorow
Too much pressure
Lng 3-2

Wowwwww knight neeko
They’re going all the way

gotta beat lng first
all chinese semis
glory to the peoples republic of china

Light work
3rd seed
And semis are JDG, well known for choking
Surely

yea t1 are known for choking
jdg is knowwn for uh
winning everything

This time t1 chokes JDG for the win 🥇

they have to beat lng first btw

All lpl semis.
This is the way
Rare thorin banger btw
Tbh I couldn't tell if he was being serious

bro someone check tarzans paypal

wait why did this series start an hour earlier than the other ones

huge
inb4 rell support sylas jg varus solo lane
damn

t1 is rinsing them wtf
this is wild
nvm! wtf

I'm so sad I;m not gonna be able to watch semis live
damn

holy that was not close at all

Wow LNG leveled down lmao
But oner is playing well again
T1 worlds buff always insane
(Until finals)
T1 beat JDG lose to BLG in finals
Calling it here

it technically didnt
daylight savings
was last night

For Korea?
NA silly
I thought they took that out back and killed it
Nope
Oh the bill is stuck in committee :)
Or should I say
Bills

it was the same time in korea
but it was an hour earlier here bc daylight savings

Yeah I get it I thought the bill passed to kill it lmao
Apparently not!
It was supposed to in April last year

only passed in one chamber i guess
Yep
Bot#8380 rip bozo
Why would you get rid of vetheo for perkz man

Bc branding and name value is 100 times more important to an organization than a slight difference that is so miniscule that it won't effect their placing?
vetheo looked good
had big french following
not as expensive as perkz
who has looked like ass since he get soft retired to na

Also perkz knows and is old teammates with wunder and jankos so it reunites the topside of the old g2 roster so that's another narrative
Idk business pov makes sense to get perkz
And gameplay wide makes sense too since perkz has higher highs
Idk seems very very very very reasonable to me
2018 G2 top side in 2023 :smodge:
hopefully will be a fun team and also vetheo doesn't get mcdonald's gapped

If you didn’t watch that WBG/BLG series you missed out
Game 5 was a certified banger

TheShy game 1 was insane wtf
bro not captain flowers dropping bars during the last teamfight of game 1 LMAO

This is all I saw then I sleeper
Was a banger g1 tho
i thought it was so doomed after the start
walks back to lane 2 cs vs 16
and then just destroys blg

that series was nuts
that distraction flank on elder game 2 by bin was goated
i want t1 to win vs jdg so bad
the entire meta just completely 180ed btw
like t1 just shaped the entire meta solo
and if it continues like this they are gonna win i think
t1 needs to win
they have to
BRO 4 ADCS BOT WHAT THE FUCK
and 1 top XD
faker skin is all i need
give me faker ori skin prayge
i need keria skin
my goat
i'm just praying for not another ashe skin lmao
i want a real support pls
hes the best tk supp in the world i could see him picking that
i dont give a fuck if t1 win im buying all of them
that would be sick
🔥 🔥
zeus jayce, oner ?? (idk he hasnt played lee sin yet so idk who he will pick if he doesnt pick that), faker ori, guma varus, keira idk
like gimme them all
guma has to be varus yeah
i'd love to see zeus yone
but i don't think he's played it
hasnt picked it yet
- Zeus (top): Aatrox, Gragas, Gnar, Jayce, Rumble - Oner (jg): J4, Poppy, Rell, Sejuani - Faker (mid): Azir, Orianna, Sylas - Gumayusi (ADC): Ashe, Jinx, Kai'Sa, Nilah, Senna, Varus, Xayah - Keria (support): Alistar, Ashe, Bard, Renata Glasc, Senna, Tahm Kench
we have two more series 🤞
1 more rn
gotta win tonight first
nah it's freelo dw
jdg are them
well if we're talking about t1 worlds skins
Bot#8380 rosters are having a splitpush, force) kathys (numbers))
then it's inherently 2 more series
jdg worlds skins would be sick too
true
like they are my 2nd favorite lpl team  (RIP OMG 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭)
but like
i wish jdg and t1 met in finals
i hate one of them goes home tonght
but
i cant cheer against faker its not in my blood
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?
i feel like if jdg win tn they win for sure
jdg will never lose to an lpl team
but if t1 wins it's still a fight
its just not possible
but t1 are disgusting chokers
dude if they
so they might lose to weibo
lose to a 4th seed
?XD
two years in a row
in finals
that would be so funny
i will never forgive t1 coaches for not banning aatrox
never
i will be 80 years old on my death bed
actually so stupid
bitching and moaning
i have no idea what they were thinking man
they were thinking counter picking gwen and b1 karma
B1 KARMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
xddddddddd
like if we get zeus jayce and faker ori skins this year i will drop 100 dollars and by all the skins with all their signatures
i dont give a FUCK
@An are we doing another bet for worlds skins if it's WBG vs T1?
is anyone gonna stay up and watch it
live
tn or finals?
tn
im watching finals with my college friends
i'm probably not staying up unfortunately
3am is a bit much for me
i'm doing finals with friends
gonna be fun
dude the blue side dominance is insane
i hate it
blue side isnt as op as last series made it seem
i hope you're right
i think red side is better this worlds but t1 is the only team that has leveraged it
and jdg won coin toss and picked red so they are knowers

game 5 was insane holy

If they give us a senna or tahm skin I think im happy
Idk who I want tbh
Senna would be amazing but I'm not getting my hopes up
Won’t be Ashe, we just got renata skins, I mean bard is ok ig but no one plays him, and alistar has a good amount already though a new one couldn’t hurt for sure
i dont think the pro players care about the number of skins a champ has or how popular they are
theyre picking the champ they want lol
like if knight wins worlds hes picking ahri and zeus is picking jayce
@Jacob if youre betting on wbg

Absolutely not

china believers in shambles

yo t his ruler guy sucks
golden road my ass
Real
Clutch or kick
Kick moment
All roads lead to faker
Good thing weibo gaming clears these frauds
guma gonna come after them with the machine learning kiting too
Sorry bro the shy is clearing this fraud zayus
nah i can't forgive him for going 0/5 on quinn instead of going 0/5 on riven
theshy dead to me

If t1 lose its my 9/11  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2023/11/12 午前 10:21] hongbaabaa Ew

BLG ✅ LNG ✅ JDG ✅ WBG⏳

not china believer
just cant believe that i saw jhin on my screen
Jhin Bard op combo
it was a good jhin game
no tanks all squishies

I refuse to root for lck
just watched g3 of t1 v jdg and yes that was a good game

Yone skin possible now 👀
I somehow kept myself spoiler free until I finished watching just now
Bot#8380 we gon do
I'M TOP 3 IN SCRIMS PICKEMS
Yall weren't weibo believers smh

Keria's ults game 4 were disgusting
Kanavi played so well games 1-3 and then fumbled game 4 so bad

9i was
lol it brought be from like 2nd to last place to 4th

t1 vs major region 4th seed 2 years in a row :PepeSuspicious:

the real script is t1 beating blg > lng > jdg > weibo to finish the china elite 4 run and win worlds when everyone said it was the year of china

I’m huffing my hopium
Even WBG is fr the team I have the least faith in
weibo is so unbelieveably going to lose
actually 3-0

Is anyone watching finals
Live
Yes
I’m debating whether to watch on my own or a cast
Cuz like if y’all are casting ofc I’ll watch that but Atrioc is casting it too and that could be worth

Actrioc  cast sounds fun
Unless T1 loses
LOL
Then it will be whatever  the opposite of fun is
He’s casting with stanz so he can mope and be quiet should they start losing
Lmao nice
I'll probably watch that back if the series is good
Too bad no gen g for stanz

Fraud team anyways
Just like weibo

Have to reiterate that if Weibo win somehow then we investigate Caedrel for match fixing
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
if weibo pulls a drx like last year i will wail
Can someone provide me a list of south Korean trucking companies
Would like to invest in the event weibo wins

Invest in alcohol either way it’s gonna be popular lmao

YIPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

whose upppppppp
I'm past due for sleep let me know what happens
:tweaking:
word
damn no ones making it
fucking blake bailed and alex is asleep
cams drunk somewhere
SMH fake
If I wasn't so tired I'd watch it
But I should've went to bed like 2 hours ago
FAKER <33333333333
In faker we trust
i should have taken a nap
drinking energy drink
to try toh elp
Ah
:teemothumbs:
God speed soldier
@Jar I'm tagging out, watch for me
I'm not here weee
oh im partying got my coffee ready tooo gooo

jfc

This series is kinda boring ngl
Xd
t1 considerate of everyone's sleep
Fr my goats

We all knew semis was the real finals
Let's goo
They fucking did it

Boring series

wait i just realized that if geng beat blg it woulda prob been geng t1 finals and t1 might have lost

I mean you could throw a lot of variables depending on who faces who but T1 are looking real good
geng are t1 kryptonite

alright so Light and Xiaohu
need to find a new team
Crisp is chronically inting
TheShy is wintrading
and WeiWei was fine but got kinda gapped imo

Light really was trying his heart out
Xiaohu itemization tho...
ya idk what that was
i mean weibo were outclassed in every role and had no chance of winning
they got to finals through pure rng
Bot#8380 saxxy is needed but nothing personnel kid
i mean Xiaohu and light both had solid performances
we were not watching the same tournament
if they had a better support and managed to lockdown TheShy paypal i think its winnable
ur not that delusional its just bait u almost got me

NO LUX SKIN WE’RE ROBBED

LITERALLYYYYYYY

Damn that series sucked shouldve been G2 playing  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/11/19 午後 01:10] carrotburrito no i mean honestly
xiaohu was fine'
WeiWei is worse but not by that much, if lanes swapped he stomps Oner easy
and Light is maybe a TEENY bit worse than Guma, but i mean its not that noticeable
the difference is literally just toplane and support thats really noticeable
Yassified Bard
yasssss bard pilled

oner literally played the tournament of his life and you type like this
if it was summer split/summer playoffs yea you can slander oner he was playing like shit then
he literally was the best preforming member of t1 throughout the entire tournament consistancy wise
zeus oner literally ran the finals
like i feel like im watching a different tournament than you
we have to be
weiwei was the best preforming member of wbg but the bar was put so low that it doesnt matter
like yes
if weiwei had t1 lanes he would have most likely won but oner would have still probably put up more of a fight

Not once did I flame oner or Zeus
They were both incredible
I think they are the best topside in the world
However WeiWei is very good as well
I think his performance was very good given his poor lanes. Maybe with stronger lanes and more options more errors would show, but  I think the outcome of games would be impacted only minorly if junglers swapped
Oner is better for sure, but xiaohu matched solidly and light as well. Those 3 were all outmatched but by a degree that still wins coin flip games at that level. The issue was TheShy and Crisp, those two had a far more noticeable discrepancy in level of play
Even while keria was playing so so crisp made too many errors for finals
you literally said "if lanes swapped he stomps Oner easy"
Yea. No jungler in the world can win where WeiWei lost
Not even Oner
Not saying Wei Wei would do better but he’d do nearly as well.
Fuck, if you put Dantes in for Oner WeiWei still can’t win it like games lost
wait but thats not what that means u said that weiwei would stomp oner if placed swapped not that t1 + weiwei would still win
these are 2 sperate ideas
saying that weiwei would stomp him implies that you are looking at the isolated 1v1 jg mu and not factoring in the rest of the team
Well I was misinterpreted mb
Lanes wouldn’t matter in that case lol
I’m saying that the pressure his lanes created were immensely more impactful than the minuscule skill difference between jungler
Compared to the ocean gap top
yes that is true zeus ran the entire series
I mean I think guma was big too
Like have to give credit that even if Zeus ran it past 10 they still win with how threatening botlane was every game
For instance on the draven game he was big in every fight, and pulled abilities that could’ve been used on someone else
i mean yea everyone on t1 played really good
faker in the akali game was huge and in the sylas game was buying a lot of space with mao ultis
keria renata was pretty big
but it was the oner zeus show
@Honan you won scrims pickems!
I got second
HEHEHEHEEHE

Truly he is the best cook
My compliment to the chef

i saw
so sad
caedral being the only weibo shirt in the mass of t1 was funny

imsorrywhat

Reckless with my heart fr
Not only does he not want to be on G2, doesn’t wanna be in EU
????????????????????????????

Is he Argentine fr?

@Avery

Chinese sources on weibo

lmao why
oh
with viper and zeka?
hm

why do they want doran 💀

yeah
cuz doran is zeus's father
doran gets a very specific buff when he plays against zeus xd
(probs just cuz oner was playing like dog for most of the season until worlds)
Apparently this thread is a gold mine lmao

Bro got gapped by the VCS top like idk if he got space to talk

Sounds like Uzi retiring

Shits too funny
Always hated emenes
a lot of it is funny but the last point i think is good
"Worst part is that people think not good at English = dumb"

this has to be a gross strawman like i seriously doubt that professional league coaches/players/personell/ect in the scene think that bc you cant speak good english it makes you dumb
like the culture is dominated by koreans being the best and "smartest"
i think people just think emenes is mad dumb and he spins it in a way that makes him look like the victim instead of him just being the one in isolation that is dumb

That guy fucking sucked lol

he did lol
I mean what happened happened but don’t tell me you’ve never been in a game where trying to win looked like inting bc your mid and botlane are eating crayons and anything is 100% gonna have to come off your back alone
That's fair but apa also went from academy straight into lcs for 8 games into worlds can you really blame him for not doing better than summit?
I don’t even think he was saying he played poorly. Just that he had only a handful of champions he could play confidently and it warped the teams draft super hard.
This is really false, APA offered to play a ton of champs but coaching staff/teammates shut him down
Most were “off-meta” or more oddball picks like Velkoz and Zilean but I think calling his champ pool small is really dumb
Coaching Staff’s and teams are too rigid, especially considering TL went for Korean staff
Also same old shit of random picks working in NA let alone NA academy and ppl knowing they won’t work against breathing players imo
Entirety of 2019 G2 proves thats wrong
I mean you might as well try something different isn't the worst idea lmao if it just gonna get hands gapped
Trying to out Korea Korea is really dumb game that people need to stuff playing
Fpx did the same thing next year with naut flex into mid no?
I just think if you’re other options are zilean and velkoz you pass on those xD
nah the emenes tweets are banging lmao
Zilean is mad broken dont put down the Time Minister
Pure content
Idk I think vel is one of the worst mids in the game atm and maybe apa is a better zilean than bjergson but if <= then Bjerg has already shown that pick can work in NA to regional titles but falls super short in worlds
Maybe, but i think denying pocket picks and unconventianal champs is really bad, considering its part of the reason T1 bot lane is so damn good  and the entire reason that the best western team did as well as it did
Yeah I’m not disagreeing on the principle. I just think those 2 champs are not it
Zilean is mad broken but Velkoz is just worse than Xerath Ziggs Jayce Ez so yeah
But I know that’s definitely not the limit of what he suggested to play
This and the new gen g roster my stocks are through the roof

Let’s gooooo

is this… freedom…?

Oh drafts will still be boring, don’t u worry

LPL is so doomed
fucking tangyuan
go pick up knight or smthn q_q
honestly my genuine take is blg should've just gotten jackeylove over ekl
elk
also TES picked up creme who's like not bad
but where is rookie going?

theres some rookie donib knight drama rn
idk if rookie has a team yet
also cream is my goat
i hate that they arent getting shanji
i keep hearing 369 over shanji
please no
i love 369 hes the goat
but keep shaji and cream from omg together i fucking BEG

Honestly that’s a good take
369 is def expensive
Get Shanji and use budget for a real support
Mark is okay but
Ming is free agent
Bot#8380 {reactions} 🫡  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/11/27 午後 06:09] hongbaabaa Also
Pls get tian out of there
Fucking playoffs choker
Tian has griefed that team way too many times
bark bark bark

He’s trying to set up a retirement plan
What does that mean
Exit plan is better said
He knows he’s washed
He’s building a brand to pivot to modeling lmfao
hes talented and beautiful.............thats my gamer
He’s beautiful. He plays games.
Idk bout the rest
Calling him a gamer after those performances… eesh
i dont watch him enough to know
He ain’t no gumayusi
but i stil BARKBARKBARKBARK
G2 botlane is literally discount T1 botlane and I’ll stand by that
i would give my firstborn child to gumayusi i think

Is there a better Western bot lane right now?
berserker vulcan 😄

faker clears i fear
Fakers head is vaguely clementine shaped (:
look at that mans jawline
Love him tho
wheres that pic with faker giving a thumbs up instead of matching a heart with a cute ahri cosplayer
Sigma
only person ive ever seen him match the heart with is keria
didnt match gumas bum ass 😭
he wants keria on his back at all times
perma yuumi kitten
only love 4 his kitten
hes the only t1 member that he mutals on instagram 😭  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/11/28 午後 05:54] mason_jars Me and who
so 2nd best western botlane?

tbf p sure carried by mikyx
i think mikyx can make a lot of players look decent
They’re the goats of EU that’s what I’m saying
huh
you're saying he doesn't have talent no?
Hans is washed
But mickyx makes him best eu
washed =/= talentless
also I think you're forgetting that he won on rogue without miky
Alright he’s not bad just not special
idk man i think there's a reason other pros say he's the best adc in lec rn
@Noam Surely this is G2's year
surely :copium:

If NA had just tried in scrims they would’ve made finals
He cooking

jinx??
Stands for jinx

his favorite champ apparently
he was first person to lock his choice
like instantly

another jinx skin? 😆
i will not be buying it
taxi on buying the gumayusi jinx skin

Nooooo I wanted renata
So I could play jinx renata
All these picks are fine besides kind of ahri, she has a LOT of skins. Ig no worlds tho

u are not a knower
the faker ahri lore is very deep
and by very deep i mean he wanted ahri when he won worlds 10 years ago and they said no bc it was the year he did the zed play and him picking zed would be better for sales and pr
so he got zed and was ok with it
but now 10 years later he gets his ahri skin
is there any sports player with longevity like faker? competing at the highest level for this long
like obviously lebron has competed at a similar level for longer but the average career for an NBA player is probably longer than a league pro
wildturtle kappa
didn't even know who that was
not a knower of the goat
not i
doublelifts father

no way you dont know wildturtle
WILDTURTLE IS STILL PLAYING?
yes
brother i started playing this game 3.5 years ago
why would i know who he is
bc hes played pro for like
since 2011
(that includes the last 3,5 years)
don't follow lcs either \:)
but hes wildturtle bro
you're wildturtle
:o
hes the goat
i j be watching worlds bro i cant keep up with pro league LMFAO
me who watches every game on lcs lpl and most lec and lck
tldr hes done
bro couldnt make worlds whats new /j
the longer tldr is he said he did everything other than win worlds but he knows he cant win worlds anymore so whats the point in palying
fair game

Nah he can win worlds, NA can still win worlds

Shopify rebellion is such a stupid name
I know it’s sponsored by Shopify but like

nah shopify rebellion is awesome
not as bad as dplus kia
or team liquid honda

Wait holy shit
G2 might beat t1
scrim kings or something
@Dean what am i wawtching
they whiffed everything
keria whiffed
q
guma whiffed ult
hans sama cleansed NOTHING
crazy that g2 will still lose this game
nvm theyre the goats
pause in the showmatch lol
remake
:tf:

wowww TES
they better win this year
the problem is
they still have
their problem
(tian)
get that griefer off the team
they got meiko and 369 tho
and creme is p good

WAIT MARKZ IS THE LCS COMMISSIONER?

yes

Wait am I timed out in general or am I tripping
Im tripping
yeah we voted to time you out

With some of my comments I always have the suspicion
kicked off the island
I queued into hidiris solo q and he had enough or something lmao
Rage quits after my 12th “mb” in 15 minutes
The dream

what are u saying
that i play solo queue?
slander

u were voted off the island and are forced to walk the dock of shame to the boat of loserdom
Wtf Free Psycho Carrot
LETS GO
Bot#8380 cylakats ggs all that i felt squishy with u just mafia
MY TAKES ONLY GAIN TRACTION IF I CAUSE CONTROVERSY
let this not be a conclusion please...

brother picked jhin support and cooked with it i say let him box keria's shadow
the cook in question

I need him
(to carry G2)
hes not going to but we can believe
na>eu

i need him (lustfully)

your just down bad for nerds

lets go ggggg22222

Ez

the crowd chanting "go home kc" is crazy
lol

unironically fuck kc

garen is such a dumb champ lol

real

is that kesha hitting the drum
holy it is

lets go g2  {Reactions} 😤 (2)  [2024/01/14 午後 02:04] nomulus yike my goat
Yo Karmine Corp game and suddenly audio is unlistenable insane combo?????????
These fans deserve something?????????
YIKEEE

upset fraud?

Any peeps want to join LCS Fantasy League on Sleeper?
Gonna do a free one so don’t worry about the cash

Yes.
We stay winning
@Jar explain how Udyr is weak when he was picked in 4/6 lck games and banned in 1

ill play fantasy lcs
Cuz mason wasn’t the one playing him
(Joking I ban udyr every mason game)
yo this udyr chamo with 100% presence in lck
idk looks op to me

What are they building xd
Tank
Oh it's top lane lmfao
Fake news xd

This evening we will be doing the draft for fantasy team if anyone else interested got a few spots open

@Dean ? i'm down
I’m in it already bro
oh xd
where link
My b wasnt paying attention I saw you joined tho
i'm in boys

Looking at this Heretics game I think maybe Arnye was onto something

Riven off the bat

this mad fnc game is fucking insane
NAUT BUILD OPPPPPP

Beyond the fact that I understood Zekes to be genuinely useless, but I guess it’s good burst early off a hook

g2 playing!!!
unfortnuatelyy that would mean watching europeans
Hans Sama  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/01/28 午後 02:31] 8.013 me twirling my hair and kicking my feet when he gets that pentakill on varus

LETS GOOO THIEVES
sheeesh
if it hits i am him
this hit last night

Dont watch the latest rival video
or maybe do, if you pick the EU team with 2 chinese players your odds might go up 💀
Kiin is HIM bro

can we drop berserker on C9.. or never play Varus ever again lol
C9 loss I’m here for it
@Alex where were you when tactical fathered berserker
Listen all Im saying is Berserker would have all summs up and do nothing after they exhausted ori ult and bard ult on jojo and Blaber like he was scared to ever step up
banger song
idk who tf that is bro
wait jojo
as in jojopyun
as in THE GOAT SUPPORT (not the actual goat tho thats Keria)
ik he played pyke in pro and hes chill for that
Sometimes I just sit and think about how T1 is genuinely such a god team
Goat mid laner you mean lmfao
shit im thinking of the other guy
whats his name
the chinese guy iirc
idk i dont follow pro
evan likes him
@Evan help
also, Keria is the goat ofc, Faker is a god with play calling, Gumayusi prints clips and outplays and is chill af, Oner is just best Jungler . and Zeus is lowkey draggin them down, except he gaps toplaners so hard that he looks like he carries
its crazy
I think you got the tip clean bro relax xd
but like its just so crazy. Like genuinely the only people who could ever beat them are G2, cuz they flip so many barons they gotta win sometime right
Execute
like the pokemon
Like the pokemon
what no
bro the asian guy
starts with a J
plays pyke in pro
on my life this guy exists
uhm
All I can think about is Hyli but he aint asian
Jeonhoon
THAT GUY
YA
THAT GUY
He renamed to execute on ffx
bro sold me
Like the Pal?
no like the state killing' someone
I don't know my pals  {Reactions} 😩 (2)  [2024/02/02 午後 05:26] blackrazor_s2 bro is NOT an LPL watcher

speaking of which I'm kinda sad JDG split up a bit
It makes me like BLG more ig

no way c9 went 0-3 this weekend
Yeah bro onhit Varus so weak for real
Casters :mia:

lets go g2
best copypasta

Sniper is actually looking pretty damn good

Yessir
Holy shit
Crazy game
Comms showing that c9 literally lost the game because berserker wanted a penta is really funny

Briar has been played once in pro play in an erl, no one else is touching that champ with a 10 foot pole
Really funny stuff
Same with Naafiri except she’s been played in 2 tier 2 regions

Fnc 8-0 at 8 mins LMAO

Holy banger

Lowkey mas looked good game 3 but idk it was fnatic it’s not hard to look good
And I didn’t see the end so maybe they tossed

I feel bad for anyone who watched lck last night apparently they had a 6h50m pause lmao
They built dreammaker irl

Nah no way
Is this real

I think it was actually only 4 hours of pause, series as a whole was 6-7 hours
@hongbaabaa @PB
Wow

Goat

And they lost that series 😭😭
TES macro…
Jackeylove is in Elo hell
WAIT THEY DID LMAOOO

poor 369 too
now I need to watch it bc idk how tf they lost that
the one time I dont stay up for lpl :/

bruh they got backdoored
they won that game
but not the series
it was so bad
literally NA TSM level bad
they did baron and FPX
FPX front doored them actually
it was 4 of them pushing to their base
and TES decided to do baron

Guys vedi wants to know who wins in a fight smolders mom or caps dad

smolders mom

They’re making Doran’s and Atlas unmixable, like think ldr and mortal,  that’s a massive change to pro

they should lmao
It's so funny tho

tian is such a mental boomer

BB JUST PLAYED REKSAI TOP???

It’s so disgusting

Pls urgent need help! Do I get jersey with
Canyon  {Reactions} 👍 (3)  [2024/03/23 午後 01:09] jeandones Kiin  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/03/23 午後 01:09] jeandones Peyz  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2024/03/23 午後 01:10] jeandones @Taxi @hongbaabaa @Will and whoever else is a watcher of lck
:isforme:
Jackeylove
I watch lpl more than lck
But canyon a goat  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/03/23 午後 01:11] jeandones Bro is NOT on the team
Tyler
Ruler
Oh aight
Wait
🤭
That’s just mean man 😭😭😭😭
I alr have a couple ruler jerseys tho so 🙃

what geng jerseys do you have
@Dean
2nd ruler one is jdg
Realistically should have gotten peyz’s last year but
Peanut is fun
voted my goat canyon
the only reason i started watching lck was cuz caedrel costreams and he posts to his youtube  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/03/23 午後 05:54] jeandones i got the peyz one

hes lowkey cracked and i have more confidence he will stay on the team
if canyon or kiin stay theyre contenders for next years cop or msi/worlds jerseys if i can get one

Peyz is probably the best rookie to pro story that the world will see in a while
I was watching that guy in challengers
Hes him and his interviews are comedic timing

Wow?
For once in my lifetime
TES doesn’t disappoint?
Hongbaabaa stocks are going up today
Bro jackeylove fisted ruler Damn @Dean
Finally he had a real supp 😖

Creme kinda smudging
Smurfing
holy

Why you watching my solo q game

No way, I love Faker

TES vs BLG was a banger 5 game series
g5 bin TF top lane
crazy
and elk went lethality kalista
BLG is cooking

lethality kalista is meta in pro no?

T1 4th
Louds going places

Why is minor region team in second
Bro is tickling him

dropped an axe, canceled an auto, ori shield, w shield, randuins vs crit draven
poor snaker

p sure jackeylove is unironically the best varus in the world

Guys did flyquest beat T1
yeah
jensen stomped the shit out of faker
Let's GOOOOOOOO
damn rly?
/j

This aged well I think

flyquest was always so clearly dog btw they werent even good in na
shoulda beat psg tho but they imploded after getting clapped by t1

TL and Fly are interchangable so my tierlist still stands
that was to mason lmao

||yea I’m plugging my fav streamer||
||You’re a horrible fuckin’ person is just such a non diss line||
G2 finally beat t1 !!!!

Jesus
What is this top lane swap meta
I’m watching 369 have zero cs at 4 minutes and getting tower dove at level 1

TES TES TES

holy fuck PSG just took a game off BLG

And Maple and Junjia just trolled a lead in game 3

2 games off BLG
wtf is happening

Classic PSG
LPL killers 🤣

thanks Molecule

i thought he actually was getting exposed for being a pedo or something
and was about to be rly sad cuz i love knight
JKL got knocked out of worlds by GAM last year :l
painful moment
our father, who art in heaven, hallow be thy name
Silver scrapes baby

eu lads not looking good

g2 XDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Dam that was good
@Blake are you ok
do i need to call emergency services for you after that
Baha
another w for boris tbh
hans sama spends all game hitting ksante but doesntt get ldr
Fr
the battles not over.
Well played g2
I did not know your game

The fact that I was 3 min from the end of the caedral vid and didnt know the winner is fkn crazy

Someone PLEASE check apas PayPal there's no way
Bro is so reportable
Remove his all chat he doesn't deserve it
Bro is getting a fat paycheck for sure

Wow apas Ahri is so bad lol
Did he hit any charms 🤣

guys please lay off the hate on NAs best mid laner rn

Bro someone find the meme where it's the guy celebrating 3rd place and it's na beating eu xd
Bro brainwashed them into banning taliyah when he full sent it game 1 LOL
Need me some mind control like that
Yapa my goat

tes reverse sweep incoming

wild ego pick here LMAO
canyon said my dick is bigger
unholy game 5 pick
mason watch party vc?
im only half watching lmao
this nid is so grief but his cock is massive if he wins
does creme not 1v5 akalu
0 hard cc other than like ashe arrow
he should ya
creme akali is an omg classic
if tes win thats so hype
watching geng fail gives me life (other than chovy please free him)
i love lpl
also all these cringe lane swaps are so weird i hate them
remove it please riot
the dark seal ego
hardly even ego 0 hard cc and its very stat efficient
i mean for nid
i feel like if u have no ego u dont pick akali
Bot#8380 :
not the akali iLOL
oh LOL
i agree btw ii love dark seal on most ap jgs tho
i mean same thing applys if u dont have ego ur not picking nida lmao
might as well commit
TIAN THE GOATT
GET OUTTA MY JUNGLE, BITCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
bro is locked in
2019 tian making an appearancer
TIANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNn
TES TES TES TES TES TES
someone check lehends paypal for tthat arrow
sick invade canyon
TEE EEE ESS
my jg baby
how are geng still up gold lol
cs aware

the pride of nazuma strikes again

nvm china sucks
tian cant carry on sej
canyons dick is bigger

Damn close by TES
on god this MSI competitive as hell
BLG getting taken to 5 games by a minor

BY A HUH

REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION REGION
MY PHONE TROLLED ME AGAIN

Na are the goats what can I say
Eu is a 1 team region with 9 frauds
And that 1 team still lost to na 6th seed last year (nrg)

TL TL Tl
(All Koreans 🤣)

True 😔
All of our talent went to NA to fester and die
idk bro fly quest (team with most eu) was the most embarassing team at the tourney (behind fnc)
sounds like eu = lose
Nrg g2 had EU fans coping for months
(@Evan )

idk i only started watching pro in 2021 so I'm not the most knowledgeable...
Do either of NA/EU have international titles that china/korea participated in?

IIRC the first worlds, fnatic

Fell off tho

the key here is that korea/china participated in
fnc won szn 1 worlds with no eastern teams present
the only one is G2 winning 2019 MSI
yeah that's why i said with china/korea
oh okay so EU has an international title?
but NA doesn't?
yea also that grand finals was NA vs EU
that's crazy :smodge:
(I know it was TL vs G2)
TL upset china (IG i think) and G2 upset T1
NA HAS NEVER WON
and G2 in 2020 semifinals against DK
and 2019 finals against FPX
fnc went to world grand finals in 2018 and g2 went to world grans in 2019
na has made semis once ever
c9 2019
i think
2018

Euros in shambles rn
NVM bro caps locked in
NA lost to this xdd
Bro you build ldr and you do damage to ksante
Hans take notes
insane concept
someone should tweet at Hans
Eu 1 player region kekw
you forgot Yike and BB
and Miky has been smurfing on Poppy
(yes I am slandering Hans)
It was a funny twitch chat quote xd

that was so clean by miky

holy fuck caps

bin is crazy
They’re gonna need a paternity test when Apa absolutely fathers Faker

i swear
BLG is the LCK killer
but then loses to other LPL teams lmao
i honestly genuinely believe TES can beat BLG on a good day
Just need 369 and JKL to roll nines
they went 3-2/3-1 against BLG
i mean jackeyove is consistently good
369 has been kind of meh
jackeylove is consistently best adc in LPL
imo
(this split)
last split was ruler
once jackeylove got a real support he's actually so smurf
you have to triple ban jackeylove unironically

They have been right

not anymore that was last year (and they only ever lost to jdg)
they won lpl this year
dropping only one set to IG of all teams
This is evans official take

I heard “mbappe is leaving PSG” and my first thought was “mbappe definitely does not play league like that”
I need help

no i think he does
I mean
if jokic does
maybe hes like that

Caps going crazy
He's such a psychopath

Hans is absolutely killing TES this is insane
Mikyx Leo game 1 was nasty

LET'S GOO
THE EAST CAN BLEED
Gamers 2 is back baby
Hans found where ldr was in the item shop
Coaching team working over time to get him to purchase armor pen
Lmfao
Can't even rename to Bottom Esports when their bot lane is so invisible

G2 are winning this I believe

nah rewatching these games, i have never realized how crazy caps is
@hongbaabaa they killing ur boi in the streets lmao

He played put of his mind this entire tournament
There's a reason why he's considered the best Western player of all time
I hope TL beat t1 but I fear it will be a swift execution

He always plays like this, it's just that sometimes he pushes the limits a little too far and then he looks like an inter

JKL has an amazing season and one bad series 😦

is this the first time impact and faker have faced each other in a bo5?

TL sure is trying xd

apa hit a q challenge impossible

Surely there is not a ziggs in my msi
yaptian america
why are we locking in lili lmao
this champ is so piss into vayne senna

yappa lul

> I firmly believe that a team that could be 3:0'd by TES should not ever appear on an international stage.  Top comment about TL's coach on Hupu in game 1 against T1

thats such a shit take lmao
imo
but really funny
we love seeing people dunk on TL

I mean
I want g2 to win
But I cannot fathom the idea of eu getting 4 seeds lmao
I would rather die
imagine karmine corp getting an international spot
do you think they would double, or triple security

kc wont even make playoffs
3 or 4 seeds be damned
also the 4 eu seeds would most likely be g2 fnc bds and vit/her
i mean yeah, i just think it would be funny to see Kcorp fans joining forces with T1 haters and seeing the fallout
true colours and all that
the most tragic thing would be lpl not getting 4 seeds and then nip doesnt make worlds which means rookie misses worlds by 1 spot for the like 5th year in a row
TRUE

Oh I'm not saying it's a good take it's just really funny
me when my team is the only team in eu

Real
LET'S GO G2

okay we cooked a little too hard with the K6 pick
OUR JUNGLER CANNOT PLAY WITH HANDS!!!!! BLESSING OF TOTH IVERN J4
idk why it feels like it's gonna be T1 up 2-0 and G2 either reverse sweeps or gets swept
ok why aren't they B1ing Ori tho
WHAT ARE WE PICKING WHAT ARE WE PICKING WHAT ARE WE PICKING WHAT ARE WE PICKING WHAT ARE WE PICKING!!!!!!!?
real
yike is choking so hard man
CAPS LET'S GO
PayPal received.

euro bros in shambles xd
man i woke up at 4 am for this
you uwoke up
iwas always awake
we are not the same
im trying to make better decisions with my sleep
\:)
im working so
orwas
im off rn xd
the end was crazy xd
sorry i need g2 to lose so we dont get 4 lec seed

welp
g2 comes back in worlds hopium

man BB is so real
like he underperformed today but giving this interview right after

T1 lost to GENGso they could complete their sub-quest of beating every first seed
my phone has as much brainrot as i do

honestly G2s macro was good
their teamfighting was so horrendous
just like positioning for the teamfight
very bad

Yea I think Hans just got railed every fight cuz nobody peeled him

no literally...
draven got one tapped every fight

Bin is so good wow

ik
hes insane
I didn't even know you could E - Flash - E2 on Camille that's crazy

I was literally telling Mason that in call this morning lol
Didn’t know it was even possible

karthus game 1 is crazy

man how fun is this
Someone go onstage and put blg out of their misery lmao
Peyz is so fucking good man
:2023tigergetpeyzd:
LEE VS NIDALEE OML
2020 worlds flashbacks

knight looks so lost it's insane
Holy fuck Xun
wtf is going on lmao
wpgg
Bot#8380 every 5 minute  {Reactions} 😭  [2024/05/19 午前 08:58] jeandones WE FUCKING DID IT YEAAASS

league of lehends pog

Just saw ppl saying that Keira has mega ego and is forcing Guma onto senna so he can play carry
This is why he’s the best shotcaller
It takes sacrifice to be that great for so long

i havent even clicked the link and i already know this is that malphite clip
wait its not lol

The drama around CBLOL/LLA/LCS merging is crazy

How does that work I'm too lazy to read

Ls has been told inhumane things in the last 48 hours

That ^
They're just merging it all into one big league if I'm understanding right
Cutting down the number of teams and the league is required to have a percentage of players from each former region (can't remember the specifics)
LOUD is about to like
turn america green idk
it's so nice that NA gets to join a major region tho :D

main things im seeing is
people in lla/cblol being rightfully mad that they are losing team slots and stuff
for no reason
just because NA isnt doing well

OR
and hear my out
lla/cblol knock Near Airport out of group stage before worlds even starts
thus finishing the fasted airport speedrun
*fastest
yeah this is pretty accurate
LS posted a take that it was overall good for competition in the regions (because less teams overall) and that just leaving LCS to die would have caused a domino effect that killed league
And got called slurs by brazilians in the replies lol
idk I think you could shut down LCS and nothing really changes

i mean
we would lose captain flowers
and that might be one of the biggest losses in league

It sucks but if loud rolls NA teams Brazil will celebrate like never before
And like in theory it could still have a similar amount of South American teams if they beat NA for slots

Do they compete for slots?

No, iirc they only get 2

Na beats eu at worlds just to have less slots than those minor region phonies
Im now an estral fan
lets cook these NA scrubs

lmfao Caedrel fucked up his 2022 worlds US VISA application and put that he was in a gay relationship with a 1 year old from Afghanistan 💀

?!?!

catastrophic mistake
wtf is this draw lmfao
how is NA allowed to go against EU
and LPL is forced to play LCk

they did it on purpose

I mean they’d play them in semis anyways
Well ig if it was TES G2 no and maybe G2 GenG but honestly ya

big day for TES fans
TES vs G2................................................................. its time.............................
revenge time!
G2 will win the tourney.

can we stop playing fraud champion corki
plz
i know its technically good i just hate watching it
i would rather watch caps play something with a strong lane

tristana is so op that you kind of have to lmao

Doesn’t corki get kinda pooped on by trist
Rly?
I like the corki matchup
I feel like this can’t jump on him
Tris

They're the 2 strongest midlane adcs so they always get picked into each other assuming both are open
is it bad i prefer this version of corki rather than the package one lmao
package one forces boring ah fights around objectives
wait did chovy actually buy qss vs morde LMAO
I forgot forest existed, he blocked me on Twitter
who can blame him
I really didn’t say anything bad

EWC REAL?

you guys are just not knowers - flash is an engage summoner spell for adcs

uh oh this draft could be sketch

Im a TES believer
bruh
TL was so close to beating T1

They choked game 3 imo

they absolutely choked it
too nervous or smthn idk
lost 5k gold lead...

😔
Once again JKL let down by his team

TES just collapsed..

Oh my god
How did blg win that damn
Corki too op I guess

being tes fan is pain

wait they didnt get reverse swept surely
im going to end it all
i saw they were up 2-0 and went to bed   ============================================================== Guild: Scrim Zone Channel: Text Channels / lf-group Topic: use this channel to look for clash or scrim teammates ==============================================================  [2021/04/01 午後 02:49] camdotzip huh huhwuh

I, hongbaabaa, am looking for a clash team
I am not very good though so last resort xD
oh yeah im looking for a clash team as well
also riot somehow decided I was tier 1 even though I very much do not belong there

wild
ooo one time we played agianst OTV though
:O
thats so cool
we played against c9 balls, 5up, and diguised toast, yvonne,
yeah i have the screenshot
send
thats wild
ikr

lf a jg for clash tonight
if a mid or ad

If I didn't just start a coding exam I would fill in jg
When about is your group starting
Is there clash tonight
I’ll join anyone
wait am i posting myself to be scouted or asking for people to play w me? i meant i'd fill as a mid or ad ><
LF = looking for
i.e. looking for group ig
but you can do either here I think
oh lmao it's "LF" hahaha i read "I F" and i was confused on what it meant
i am advanced stupid
LFG for me as well, I’ll play anything

anyone here still looking for a group?
round like gold plat rank

@dryice

i am looking for a clash group 😄 adc/supp. I got demoted to tier II cuz I haven't played on my main for like 4 months hehe

same, just only supp
i can fill mid or maybe jungle if need be

@dryice @Ali

@Erik Y. @hongbaabaa @Ezra @An we could play clash together if y’all wanted
id be down
B/c scrims definitely aren’t running
Sure thing!
Ok we can just do us 3 and whoever else wants to play then
I asked cam and Erik o
im down!!
after this ranked game im ready
Big
im in flexers
im gonna shower then ill get on
ok
yea ill get on at 8
sounds good

@Cam @An @Erik Y.
you know how they say "you gotta be shittin me" ? well, im "shittin one". very similar deal  {Reactions} 💩  [2021/05/08 午後 08:06] jeandones gotcha
Yo
I'll be on in a min
ok pog
on in a min....ions!
stop it
i want to know why someone was possessed to make this
im so glad they did
bro is that gangnam style
it looks like his other song daddy
yea i was gonna say
i thought it was "gentleman"
its almost certainly psy but idk if its gangnam style
im so glad that there is a song called psy- daddy
i should add it to the bosnian sex playlist  {Reactions} 🥵  [2021/05/08 午後 08:14] jeandones how long till ur on
30 seconds
big
im gonna restart
cleanse the memory leaks
big
do we wanna play t3 or t2
im on
idc
i can smurf if we wanna t3
riot like actually cares about clash smurfing if u care about your account i wouldnt
lol how do they tell?
ive been playing on the acc for the past 4 months of clash ngl haha
haven't played in t1 clash in a hot second on my main
hongbaabaa
we call for you
just play ur main soybro
girllighting
girlkeeping
gatelighting
gatebossin
gaskeeping
gasbossing

@Cam @hongbaabaa @Erik Y.

@Cam
@An
Hello
call
?
still dinnering
or rather
between dinner and "desert", the famous sands
ur eating sand?
its mothers day !

@An @Sean @Erik Y. eta?
never
D:
starting to seem like it
tbh
do yall just wana play some norms lol
am taking a pause to do a bit of an exam
if they aren't on in like ten I can take someone's place possibly
ok
sounds good
sean and an will be on soon
erik y i havent heard from
I believe i should be good in less than 10
hes typing now
he will be here in less tha n10
:)
smiley
ok cool gl
yall arent ready for my qiyana
if you whip out qiyana mid
it better be cracked af
cuz imma pull out my
AP Attack speed lucian top
wiat
but
why would you
ever
just play gwen
and then play her AD
i am ready
get in flexers
i j need to clean kitchen
i will be in shortly.
i have "locked in"
gonna "piss"

An, Jar, and I are looking for 2 more, preferably a bot lane duo
Tier 2/3 I think

might be able to do tmrw if you guys r still doing it
I can promise you someone with 0 games in bot lane
Well If it’s you you’d be playing top and I’d adc
If thats cool with yall
We’d need a 5th tho
I dunno
Do a ritual
Or something
Summon support

dean do u have a second computer lying around
have you seen the foot yuumi guy
I do but im not doing that
Iris says she’ll play actually
ok swag
So that’s 5
@Blake @Jar
yo
i might need to play enchilada league of legends
i also need to run over and feed pistachio rq
We will be on in like
5
In a game rn
I’m playing soup League of Legends but not because I’m eating soup but because Iris a soup exploded on me earlier today so I’m covered in it
Just got in
So
Might be an extra
We will wait
well lock in doesnt start until 15 anyways
Lit
Okay
im in flexers
when yall wanna join
currently taking care of a cat abt 15 mins from home
lmk when our good friend wakes up
we r all on except u i think
blake is wrapping up his game
oh ok
lemme scoop poop n then ill head home

how long?
i locked in
big
im gonna go make food
blakes game is 30 mins
just ended
if we queue now does that work for you
or
should we wait a bit
@An
go now im gonna make the food and ill be back
im gonna wait
until
8L38
8:38 then queue
i just dont want it to insta pop
if im not back in time for figuring out draft stuff, champs im warm on: sylas yone annie diana ahri
ill use "wireless headphones" to listen
i havent played galio since last clash so like ill practice it tomorrow but dont put me on that tonight prob
wait not even last clash
i havent played galio in 55 days
top looks like
irelia mord jax cho wukong
for me
do not play sylas jungle please!
if we lose 2 games you should play sylas jg in the 3rd
otherwise pls no
i propose "shitheads"
gender neutral term
if they pick leona we can also pick sylas perhaps
lately ive been more partial to not caring about lane mu and pick based on ult
oh ok
im like
on phone downstairs
my enchiladas are almost done in the "'wave"
bans: viktor trist leona
yorick kindred warwick

"airwick"

anyone on this afternoon
i can be
but will you be...............
if we have 4 other people :)
so true
I can also be
present

i can also play

I could be

Need an adc/mid for clash tonight. Avg tier is probably 2/3

i am offerig my services for a clash team today :))

i’ll also my services to
tn*
Same
@Cam  @Psycho Carrot  if both of you wanna play w me + dean + mason we could use two players
mid + supp so it works out role wise
Kk, not sure when I’ll be on, should be by like 7:30, 7:45 est at the latest if you don’t mind waiting. I’ll tell you if I can’t make it, but if I’m late feel free to find another
It prob starts around 8:45 or so
No rush

helllllll yeah i can peter
and we're all on our main roles
pog
Shut the fuck up lmao
None of this
I’m not an adc main :(
league thinks you are
:)
but yeah just ping me when you guys want me on

im on rn
you all still doing it?
k, ideas when about well start @Dean?
didnt riot give you 5 adc skins broski
idk bro
riot has never lied
are we gonna do a practice game lads
@Psycho Carrot I will not be on quite yet at least, starts at 8:30 most likely I think? or :15 but either way we good for now, play a warmup solo if you want maybe?
kk

Sorry I had no service at dinner
6 :(

@Psycho Carrot @Peter @Jar @Cam I’ll be on at 8:45 sorry for lack of communication and stuff I got held up with family stuff
ok cool I'll be on by then, no worries
all g bbg
yo change icon to T5 meeps
its horrifying
Ok will do
im in flexers
@Cam @Psycho Carrot
1 moment
vlad
yuumi
jinx/ashe?
fiddle
thresh? senna? naut?
jax?
wukong
fiora
xin
yas renek
ziggs

riven
senna/ez
ww
gnar/shen 2nd?

how yall do

we went 1/2, but got 4th

are we still doing clash today

I'll play

Yeah
An said they can play too

(if necessary)
if nobody else can i will but i still have guests

what time?>
Am I one of your guests
i dont know david. are you in my home

Uh it was 8:45 last night right?
Probably the same thing
Maybe it was 8
I don’t remember
@Peter @Olaf (Erik O.) can either of you play
Why can't I be
ok the plan for the night is
i have 2 chapters of work to do
do a chapter
play game with family
do another chapter
clash if im needed

Pog

it was 8:45 last night
same time tonight?
also potential client update. im for it
Sounds good yeah
Idk if we have 5 or not tho
No word from Peter
Or erik
Mason and I are down tho
And An says they can if needed
okay so that's 4ish
@Olaf (Erik O.)
I can play, sorry, I was away till now
all g
I can play for fun if we do that later but no clash
do we still need me
i think so
have not been paying attention obv
ok cool
i can be on now
i think we're gonna meet closer to 8:45 but i can be on whenever
alrightt
5ish pog

@An ?
finishing an assignment
kk
ok
@Cam
@An
Do you still need one
When do you need one by
nah i think we r good
Okay
I could hypothetically be free in 10 minutes
If needed
an when you get in call
get in two boys
and ill drag
nvm
erik if you get on
before an does
you can play
im stressing over this mf assignment
xd
@An if you're stressing its no biggie
i would much rather not if someone else can
okay
oh ok
erik
@Olaf (Erik O.)
?
youre playing
Can you give me 10
yep
also, putting me in the botlane is not a good idea if we want to win probably
i mean itd be fine i guess?
cuz i play it enough in like norms
i hope you figure it out and can destress
but i have 0 experience with botlane in a real 5v5 setting
well it would be
youd play mid
and cam and I bot
ah naruhodo
id still rather not tonight if i am not Necessary
yeah youve been replaced
more like
under new management
:NotLikeThis:
Imagine driving
me when i am in the "gulch"
The fucking squeegee kids got me!
thresh lulu leo blitz zyra pyke
kaisa lucian jhin jinx cait
lee shyv elise rammus? rengo (plays it, is shit on it) jg is hard to ban tho, does not play the champs he plays in clash
shen darius jax maokai
sylas lux seraphine yasuo yone
supp / sylas / adc?
mf
varus
nidalee?
mao nami naut morg
yas zed vik lee akali
vik for sure
nida grag? plays varied tanks, won't ban easily
sett would be cool
sett shen renek sylas darius
nasus
leona
jinx/lillia

howd ur gaming go gamers
same as yesterday

im looking for an adc for clash if anyone is around
Joey and I are on this team if that helps sweeten the deal

we are looking for two clash players for tn
pref solo lane + Adc but any two non support players work

Im available if needed
ok that's one
anyone else?
@Olaf (Erik O.)
yea sure why not

actually something came up I gotta do for orchestra sorry
:PFFFTTTOOO:
Play that funky music white boy

Ah! Sorry I can’t
I can play tmrw 😮

@hongbaabaa do you want to clash today? and we could use at least one other player (preferably a jungler I think but basically any role is fine)
Uh I can’t jungle so it’s fine lol
no like
we need you as adc and then someone else to jungle
o i c
another team asked me first but let me see if they still needme
ok no worries if not

@Erik Y. do you wanna clash again

Ok I can play
yoo poge
we need two others but I feel like that's doable
is there anyone specific here to ping bc I don't wanna just fucking ping everyone lmao
what role/lane?
if you wanna play we can flex solo lanes as needed
in addition, a jungle would be nice
I can ask mason
hell yeah
when r we clashing?
like what time
we'll probably be t2? so uh 8:15?
ill join
whats team?
Me, Peter, Mason, Hong and?
jacob
stacked fucking team imo
even better if i was mid smile
good thing i am working
good thing for the other teams

Team name ideas?
keep in mind that our teams with the worst names always perform the worst
whenever we have a fairly normal name or an actually funny name we do well, really good names win
"amogus" and "booty hole" are some of the only to go 0-3
previous team that won was "pen" "is gnomes"
actually maybe the curse is broken
that fucking sucked

ey LFG clash group tn
er
looking for one person to play in a clash group
:)
nvm

anyone looking for a clash team? need anything but top/supp
I got top/sup if you need it
>:(
bruh moment
@Dukky @Will  need a clash team?
ill play
Lemme check
Actually I don’t know if I’ll be able to play in time for clash so I don’t wanna commit
If someone ends up dropping tomorrow tho I can sub in
pog

youre in!

what time are we starting
join the team & we'll see
8pm
i invited u to clash server
smile

hello does anyone wanna play clash tn
i am also in this group that is "looking"

I’m down
yooo
we can get the hong jacob botlane synergy (probably)
we just need a jungler or midlaner
@Jar u should play :)
have prior clash agreements
anyone whos on tonight u should get on soon also :)
sadge
not true
no its true
u don't think so
I just gotta do like 9 I think
Also might be tier 1 anyways idk
tier 1 gang xd
I mean Ik I’m tier 1 but idk the team avg
im t3, jacob is t4, i think peter is t2

we need one last person to clash with
who wants to play with me jacob An & hong

hands and knees begging
pwease
clashers
is that a yes
i'll take it
doesnt zach have prior commitments
this guy
o nvm
@Whompa hello my bot duo friend

I can play if you guys need a
Player
yoooo
yeah we do!
u want mid I imagine
I’ll play whatever
@An you might be jg duty sry
I mean we have a jg mid player and u are a mid player
best to do this
Ok
What time did you guys want to start
I don't know what tier we'll be
might be 8
Ok
If it’s 8 I might be a little late
we could do a warmup soon if you want but no hurry bc ik this is sudden
that's ok
I can’t ply until 9
So
oh ok well we'll go at 9 then
rest of us can warmup before perhaps
jokes on u i like jg best in 5v5
idk what everyones time preferences are
but if starting at 9 is late, we can take erik today
i am fine w/ 9
but it means we'll end around midnight
uhhhhh i mean everyone else in my house goes to bed 10-11 so i wouldnt be able to do good comms for 2nd or 3rd game
but it can be done
ping me when we have a plan/we're warming

I’ll be up that late so I’m good

anyone wanna play adc for a clash team tn :)

actually we need a botlane lmaoo support too
Maybe but Id have to start early and its definitely a maybe
ok anyone else

Cheesh

@here any gamers? :o
I’ll play in like 30 after I get off the train if ur still playing
train boi!
Amtrak enthusiast

POG

How much
hmm?
Cuz if you do there is a chance you know my friend
Like are you an Amtrak enthusiast
wha
probably not? lol
like I do be enjoying the amtrak but
Ok
Cuz I got a friend who’s if I’m not wrong going to get on the septa student advisory board he’s VERY into trains lmao
Or whatever it’s called
ok i am definately not THAT into trains haha
altho one of the GAs I work with is extremely into the SEPTA
The SEPTA is kinda...
terrible
I still love it/use it constantly tho
(comparatively to the nyc subway)

LF train

LF love
facts

👨‍❤️‍💋‍👨

@here any gamers?
kill
self
in game
:sorry:
next time i just ping u?
i can play one

hello

@here anyone wanna play sum league wiff me and sam in like half an hour? :)
I’ll play one
k

okie im rdy whenever

waiting on sam
@here any gamers???
@Vernon Kill self in game
in minecraft

:ZaccDumb:

@here anyone wanna play some league with me and sam?

anyone potentially want to play clash as an adc or maybe midlaner
perhaps jg is fine too

I'm down to play adc or jungle
we need 2 more, jg and top
for clash
I'm down to play whatever
I’d be down if u still need
Take Michael tho first

I can also play top if needed
lets go then
My ign is VanSpoons
👍
we take hong u take michael?
👌

Lmk if you need someone for tonight

@hongbaabaa can u play tn as well or no
if not then @Jonah we might take u

or if anyone else would like to play support :) we need one more player & support is much preferred
If you are still in need of a player I can play
yes do u play support
not as a main but i can play the role
probs not

i can play support lol. pretty well
poge
check lean buff
i did

looking for 2 for clash preferably jng/mid/adc
garen or malph 2nd
diana 2nd?
gp 2nd also?

can u send ss
someone's mad !!

if anyone needs one for clash
I am
~available~
I can play adc and mid and support 🙂
Best Yuumi

^yuumi nidalee/rengar botlane
Rengar, Warwick, Nasus, Nidalee, Yuumi. Thoughts on animal only comp?

Y not
Twitch yuumi
Isn’t that a disgusting bot lane

Ehhh
I was thinking dog + cat but just said animal
But animal I guess that works, also gives everyone else more flex

Love how nid, nasus, rengar, and ww can be played in mid top or jngl
Nasus jngl less so but as long as you’re able to communicate and help out if they invade ur all g

don't forget about the volibear

Ooh yes
That’s 5 champs that can be switched around top 3 nice
And then twitch yuumi, if yuumi is banned voli or nidalee support, and then for twitch nidalee or Rengar adc
Why is this in lf group. Mb

any supporters in chat
(we need one support player for our clash team)

Might be able to play support but its like
30%
if u can play we can probably take you
sent you an inv to Clash Server, u can mid

Even if though I’m not a support main I can play if u need one

@Blake are u there
@Peter cannot do it
Got another group
Sry
sadge
you're a jungle main right
we could put you jungle

I don’t want to take anyones role, and I play support fine.  I just wanted to make sure u knew since u asked for a support
we might take u as support
i think im free if needed

User Im free
User Can play every role to the diamond level at the very least

any supp players in chat for today?
i think i can
pogar

I need an adc for clash tonight

Do you still need one?

any mids wanna play clash tn

I'd be down! I can practice my mid pool today

hella
we also probably need an adc actually

im probably better at adc

any mid/jgs wanna blope!!

I can
Wait
I take that back
I cannot

What time are you looking to lock in?

probably 8:45, I imagine we'll be t2
we will probably try to warm up before if possible
so as early (7 past, hopefully) you can be on is good, but no need if you can't
we also still need a midlaner!

maybe a support would be nice

@Gamers hello! 😄
:hongsilver:

@Gamers anyone who plays a role other than support wanna play clash tonight
preferably top or adc
what time u starting

45 i think
t2
Who’s playing

me, dean, stanley, and an
I’ll play
If hong isn’t
u can play
Dope
@Jacob @Dean @Stanley @Cam @Jonah im in a lobby first come first serve come get yall juice
im doing work and eating
will be on soon tm

anyone running clash tn?

perhaps
Potentially at like 9:30-9:45 if that’s good w u
Im good for whenever
Ok
We have 4 so if anyone wants to mid/adc/support ?

we playing?
i dont think so
i can play if u need one moar
im too tired for clash
kk
its too late!!
ill continue playing dont starve : ^
its too close to my bedtime i need my sleeps
might be doing like a norm when dean gets here
but clash is a no go i think
elon musk sex crimes only gets one day :(

Hope u starve noob
(in game)

i did starve so i playing league nwo

anyone wanna play clash tn

we need two players, pref mid + jg
very late but ping me if u wanna play clash :)
@Peter I can play if y’all need me I’ll play either
pog
ok one more person and we clash!

@Peter i can play :)
lets gooooo
invited you both to clash server
@Jackson
join server when u can & we can go
@Jackson

@Gamers blrgaraagrf

I am pinged!
that was 2 days ago
youre crazy

@Gamers league? Also signup for Sunday if you can play :isforme:
If you guys get 5 for Sunday
I have a group of 5 looking to scrim
Ok

I’m free so I can prob Sunday
If 5 others get to it tho I can be sub

i am down to play if yall need me just give me a time
I can play tn

i can as well

@hongbaabaa should be cylako, cam, daev, Jackson, Michael
If we get 2 more we could run scrims b/c me you and Jacob could do scrims but not this
Prob better to just try to get them running on Wednesday tho

Wait so @Cylako @Cam @Daev @Jackson @Michael 8:30 est works tonight?
sure
should work for me
Sure

works for me

sure

@Cylako @Daev @Jackson @Michael TEAM!
Yessir
what roles
i would like top :)
i can provide
DEAN!
::)))
OH
mid if possible but ill play whatever
you meant the role ....
alsopl if we wanna play a warmup
Also it might be 8:45 or 9 apologies
Father’s Day cooking taking long (stupid grill)
oh that'd be ruff

TEAM TEAM
IDC WHAT ROLE AS LONG AS IMN WITH LA SQUAD

Im good with whatever, pref yungle or ad carry
yo
yo
were only playing 1 game ya?
@hongbaabaa how many games?
How ever many you guys want to play
We were planning on playing three but if you guys can’t we’ll just play flex or smthn
I put our opgg multi search
We should be good to start draft at 8:45
We’ll send over a draft link
k
k
O
J#OIN!!!!!!!!!

hello any @Gamers able to fill in for daev and I games 2 and 3
we have work in the morning
what time
in like
10-15
?
oh uhh sure
jk in 5!
is dean subbing or
dean cannot
he must also be up
rip
@Gamers
if you need a supp I can
jacob!!!!
perf
jonah and jacob can play
ok sg
sry hong we gotta be up at 6am
yeey
gg!!
dayum
@Jacob @Jonah u gamers are in
what side do you guys want
what side u guys want practice on
how about that
we dont care
if you arent gonna pick a side we'll just take uh
red why not
neutger di we
okat deal
im ready btw

ggs
ggs TY for playing!
gg my king
ggs
twas blessful in the presence of the baabaa

I’m not looking

Me neither

Teams are formed: @Will @Domonic @Honan are looking to be on teams, so if you dont have a sub be sure to grab one of them
Thinking it is best for  Domonic to be on Team 4 Honan to be on Team 3 or 6
if I don't hear anything by monday I'll assign those teams for them
We’ll take will!

Can we have Dom?
:isforme:
We will take whoever will be blessed for us
Bc I don’t know names so I have no idea
My physic abilities tell me Honan is the MVP out of the 3 so we want him

E
dw im hardstuck iron :D

@Cylako @Zack @Honan seems best if we trade honan from team 6 to team 4 after looking at team availability, let me know if that causes problems for any of you.

I’m good with it  {Reactions} Teamsexy  [2022/07/08 午後 02:24] cylako If it makes everyone happy  {Reactions} 🔫  [2022/07/09 午後 01:46] jeandones @Gamers ???

nope
actually yeah ill play.... next week!
??????
wtf is wrong with you

Ur a gamer

Anyone looking to play a bo3 with team 2 and team 4 at around 6 tonight?
we have 9 need one more
@Jacob
oh wait think he's at a pool
can kathy?
she's organizing minecraft mods i think
i have one if we cant find someone i think
I’ll play
we got ppl
Kk

actually can you play erik isnt home
Okay
Man just as I was getting comfy in bed
:)

Yeah I was at a party

Cs and vision is for scrubs

@Gamers anyone want to play clash?

@Joey YO IM GAMRE
GET ME IN COACH
i only got 1 other person to play so i think imma call it off
Oh
Lo
l
L

clashers tn !?

any gamers?
we dodge for you

@Gamers we need 5th
I can get on

anyone wanna ranked apex? we're looking for a third

hi i am mid laner

Arent we all :Sadge:

we need one for clash anyone want to paly
@Gamers

Still need one?
yeah
im down

@Jacob @Casino

@An @Peter

does anyone want to play support or adc for a clash team
@Peter I’ll be on at like nine or something but I can bust out the Chime Minister or something
that would be cool

@Gamers pinging to see about adc (support too maybe )
also whos warming !
I can
can you.........
@Peter lets do it to it

Really weird tangent but this is like best place i can ask
What is a Pathetic Fallacy
???
no serious
what is it
i dont have other channels unlocked
and i need to know
google it
it literally tells you
im so confused tho
Is it just giving nonsentient things human feelings?
yes!!
😐 why is it called that then. Anyways, thank you

@Peter @An are you guys still waiting on me?
Should be home in 20-30
we dont have a 5th
we Might have erik ?
POWERFUL SQAUD
@Gamers pwease adc players in chat
or support (preferable)
If you tryna wait an hour 30
I can whip out the power yuumi
we can only wait 57 mins
smodge
LOL
@Blake do u have any friends u can grab
I cannot
I am@alone on this barren earth
sad!
@Blake eta
Hmm
10-20 depending on how long drinks take to make
I’ll be there before 10 tho for sure
nice

@Blake how about now
I am receiving a lack of communication from others
You guys can get a back up in case it takes 30 mins
I don’t think it will but there’s a chance
i think clash is not happening
wanting to know now if we're waiting for u for norms
or if we shoudl just queue
Oh if no clash then just que
I should be home if there is clash tho

no clahsers tonite
Tomorrow I can
hell yeah
Surely I get to play udyr tomorrow

:clueless:
what is this oo-dyr you speak of

:Clueless:

we need two for clash
any support & mid or jg players want to play
I got a support
I mean
I got a mid**
Seeing if Sam wants to play as well
I got Sam

If ya need 1 i can play

We need a jungler
works for me

do u need 2
still supp / mid?

No we are full
sadge

anyone looking for 1 for clash?

Anyone trying to clash tn?

need a fifth for clash
if anyone wants 🙂

Looking for mid/jg for clash?

im free
bet
need one more
Free

youre
included already
LOL
I can

@Dean
ok sick

Im available for clash if anyone needs
I always forget when it runs lol

Hi available for clash if anyone needs
Take my spot I have to work on a senior design project
Sure :thumbsup:
Hey.... come here often? 😳
cam u cant just ask that

theyre flirting in the scrims server :smodge:
🥰🥰

@Joel 8pm?
Sounds good
love triangle wtf
or polycule,,?
@Jonah @Cam @Michael
Yoyo
clash?
im in call and sent team invite
Am driving home now
kk
Oh yeah sure gimme min
@Jonah king

@Jonah @Jonah @Jonah !!

Sorry
I went down and out

Anyone wanna clash with @Heelie and I
@Peter @Michael @Jacob mind if i play matchmaker?

@Jacob @Peter  yall wanna play? we need 2
i'm casting the series unfortunately
I can't play

any clashors

I’ll play
im prob down if u need one

I’m down to play @Peter

what roles do you play
Jg fill
@Peter
perfect
jg is good
sent you a clash server invite

Anyone wanna play clash for adc top

as in either adc or top?
@Jar
Yes but I think I have found 5 sorry.king

all good i'm laptop gaming anyway :p

Who’s doing clash
Idk when clash starts but I might be down if anyone needs someone

is clash tonight?
Idk I thought there was
Yes
well i guess i can also play if anyone needs a person for clash
We have two then any other stragglers lol

@here any flexers?

i will kill you with a gun

stil lf?

I will block it with my pp  {Reactions} missing (4) 😼 (3)  [2022/10/22 午前 12:29] whompa @here anyone flex?

i20 sure

ok
msg me in leuge

sure

ill fucking killylu

@Gamers flex flex!!
yoyo

I’m flexing so hard rn

@Gamers any flex? pm me ;)
Might play when I get back

@Gamers anyone 😉

I’m at work sadly

ANY GAMERS

any gamers

Me and Mundungus v the scrimzone (we lose)

Any gamers?
gaming?
Yuh idk if you got me added Cloud9Pilot15

ANY GAMERS WITH AN AND I
Yessir
bet

gamers?

any gamers
need 2 more
🙂

@hongbaabaa @Kathy surely we can play now right 😄
cant rn watching something

@Players anyone want to play?

anyone want to play @Players
you gotta resend it go get the ping to work
anyone want to play @Players

preseason gaming anyone?

@Gamers anyone

@Gamers 1 game?
No.
No.

any @Gamers today!

still gaming?

i'll game if someone teaches me how kernel modules work
when they get real hot they go "pop!" and then u put salt and butter on them and it tastes good
so i can just write that and my project will work?
probably
you need to find the part of your disk where the project files are stored and put it in the microwave for 2-3 mins
on it
u doing linux?

yeah
for my operating systems class
we're making a really simple module but they never taught us how so i'm just looking at online guides lol

I just woke up 💀
But if ur playing anytime today lmk lmao
@hongbaabaa
o can you give me like 4 minutes

Are u also in 421?
LOL yeah
tompkins

I got sebald

i've heard he's a gamer/ weeb?

Yes, he has told us about anime conventions he has went to, and has said “notice me senpai” in multiple classes to explain topics
..........
No shot

If anyone wants to stream/ cast the tournament hidiri and Sam S and I are playing in lmk. They r looking for a streamer

Would if I was home :smodge:
Gl kings 👑

link?

whos gamig

any gamers for league or overwatch 😄

u still playin/
ye
ill play another

@here anyone wanna join me and mason in some normals?
:D

Any tuesday gamers for #signups  :isforme:
???
Only day I can play in the next couple weeks and I miss you guys

Just for you bb

No

I can play :)
I can also raise the banners
Blessed

@Gamers aaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!
do my homework for me and i'll play
whats the hw
i did all the coding but i hate written questions
Everyone hates written questions
1 a is classification
im not sure of the definitions of discrete and continuous in this context but i would imagine a few features would be like
i did a and b
it's just c actually that i don't know
what do u have for b
Credit score, number of credit cards owned, history of fraud (bool), age
my immediate thoughts for features of the transactions were purchase location, $ amount, time of purchase, purchase type (like what the actual item is)
like maybe its fraudulent if its at a time when this person is usually sleeping
or if its from halfway across the world
or if its a $0.01 charge thats being used to test
Damn y’all really looking for a group huh
ooh or if theres been a fast string of purchases
oh location is good yeah
wait these are bangers
location, time, and item
overfitting in this case would cause it to give a bunch of false positives when its applied to real purchases right
like it learns what a typical purchase is and applies that criteria too strictly and flags things that are just a little strange
done
give me a few minutes to turn in then i get on
huge
are you in lobby rb
rn
I can play if you want to stop queue
we're in champ select
we can dodge
do you want to dodge
ye
Bot#8380 yes
i win!
Dw Peter scrim bot will dodge for you

any gamers
yoyo
am i too late to join ya?
they're in champ select I'm down to play I just need a few
dang we got into queue sadge
next game?
possibly, depends on how quickly ur game ends

@hongbaabaa should i just sit in a random chat then?

@Peter @Jacob

@Mike ?
Still down?
also @Noam i think lol
if u want
yall doing norms or clash?
clash
do u want to play
i already played
we have a spot since mike mia
oh
@Gamers anyone want to clash
ill do this report fast smile
aram clash takes not a lot of time
how much time does report take
if it takes longer than i think and i dont finish it before midnight it would be really bad
I can play if you gimme like 5 minutes
kk
yeah i guess we can do that..,..
if you insist....
Tf does THAT mean
erik you can take my spot
LOL
Bot#8380 early game
untrue
@Stanley discipline for incorrect
hes stronger than me at this point unfortunately

Anyone wanna play? Ranked or not ranked?

down if you're still on

oi

Oi
we playin?

\

@hongbaabaa
Coming

@hongbaabaa @Dean @Garrett @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) if ur all on we have 5 :isforme:
dean is out of his mind i dunno if hes gonna play
all the more reason he should!
Nah I’m
Playing
Jackbox ™️ games
With my family
:OUUUUGGHHHH:
Oh r u stil looking
yaes
im on just lemme know when
@Cylako get in
@Cylako @hongbaabaa wagababebagaba
Whatttt
are u getting in
Y oh want me to play?
Ok
well
Can you give me 5
cylako said hed be on
BUT
where hei is,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Lol
Whoever comes in 5 I guess
yea
why does it sound like he is kissing his phone everytime LOL
or
waterbottle
tm
practice
for kissing the homies
@hongbaabaa
@hongbaabaa
@hongbaabaa
@hongbaabaa
@hongbaabaa
@hongbaabaa
@hongbaabaa
@hongbaabaa
@hongbaabaa
@hongbaabaa
@hongbaabaa
@hongbaabaa
Okayyyyy
Fiiiiiine
WHERE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!
REAREHREGAHGERGH!!!!!!!!
Coming
@hongbaabaa too late
I was makin lol arts and craft
Ok
Bot#8380 carrot by lv9 on drafting
Holy
Psycho carrot
@Curtis

oh yall in here

LOOKING FOR SUPPORT/TOP FOR A TEAM
Hey my organization is planning on running one last tournament for 2022, this one is only going to be 4 to 6 teams and will be a simple $25 prize pool(we may increase this to $50 if we get 6 teams) There is no entry fee for the tournament. The max rank is Plat 1 100 LP with 1 Diamond 4 Exception Player, and we have a council in place to smurf check and vet accounts. Round 1 will take place on either Tuesday, December 27th, Wednesday, December 28th, or Thursday December 29th in a Best of 3. Teams will be able to choose which day they place(the suggested start time is 8 or 9 PM EST). Would your team be interested in participating in the tournament?
For this tournament (for fun!)
So far we have me, mason, and Stanley
I’ll support if we can for sure play on Thursday :isforme:
We can do thurs I’m p sure cuz Stanley and mason said they’re free
So maybe just looking for a top laner?
Omg we obviously get
@Peter
Bestie :))
I'm unavailable this week
in ca!
I will play twitch top and only twitch top

I would love to int hongbaabaa tourney if I can play on my laptop in a hotel w no mouse :)

any gamers

ANY GAMERS

These nuts

owned

any gamers.

@Gamers anybody trying to play?
I’m trackpad gamer 😭😭

@Gamers :isforme:

@Gamers in like an hour ?
yes
huge

eta 20
I thought I would be done with making lunch around a half hour ago, now I think I'll be done around when you're on

big
I was right
I am now eating lunch
it's really good though so 2h of prep is worth it
ping when
why cant i ever accurately predict how long anything will take
im consuming
@Peter we go real

@Gamers mason and i are in game who wants next 😄

I’m down soon
Hey @Cylako do you have a smurf in gold/silver?

peter and i will be on soon
i play in the first game so can't cast it
but i'll be here

Yes
wanna queue with me? tired of getting trolled 😩
mood
Sure my king!
I’ll be the troll you didn’t think you needed
Give me a moment bathroom
oh not rn i need to cast some of these games
ill play rn lol
need someone else in here to cast the first since me and honan are both in it

I’ll ply later tonight but I’m at board games

@Gamers 😄

anyone want to duo ranked rn
@Gamers

r u in game rn
no
you down?
sure give me 5 minutes
ok
im being gaslit
teddy has abandoned me
you sound owned!
true

@Gamers :isforme:
I’ll play in an hour!
:OUUUUGGHHHH:

I can do in that time

@hongbaabaa@Peter i will play One if ur on Right Now
Sorry I won’t be back till 10:20
well. your owned

@hongbaabaa
wot
are u on
i can dodge
its up to you
i was about to make lunch but
i can play if you want
u should eat
and get on after
ok

any gamers
im skipping class

any duoers

2 more for meta busting games
:isforme:

GAMERS
???

any gamers

gamers
?
sure
get on
'uge

ggs
gg asol is gross
rip spencer
no hes literally a griefer
coldsteel akshan.........
where was my invite
/s
you dont meet rank requirements orry
LMAO
real

any gamers :3

lf one gamer

ANY GAMERS

yo?
im in a game
but lik if youre up in 30 min
you can get me as support

ANY GAMER

any gamers?
i swear I wont play jngl pyke
or nunu

any gamers
@hongbaabaa how long are you on for
just this game
cuz i have "works" to perform but i could be convinced
and thetn off
just me and logan rn
play one and then work?
thats what im doing ll
get me in there.................
i gotta do my thesis zzzz
i gotta do my
linux kernel
botjh of those words
do not make sense to me
but i support you
ownar

@Gamers anyone?
:3
I’ll play one
big
Rn?
ye if youre down
Ok coming

looking for clash team pls adopt me ;-;
I'm apparently tier II if that helps o-o
did they reset clash mmr or what
I guess they must have :hongsilver:

@hongbaabaa no prommies but metabusters is gonna meta bust during clash and if we're missing a spot we can pick you up
unlikely but better than nothing i think

any clashers tn
id play!
with (probably) me, an, blake I think
jacob is maybe, not confiming
oh but
once again i can't play till like
8;30 probably
that should be fine
for me at least
but also t2 is 8:30 anyways

@Rex clash with me :3

@Gamers clash
we need 3
asap

first rd: zac j4 ekko
Bot#8380 realized were just wait
j4 leona rumble first
viktor ? second
oop was sleeping
yone ekko
2nd rd ornn? irelia?

Anyone wanna play flex with me and Tedders
^
Teddy will give you a kiss if you join

today i will not invite everyone on my friends list to a clash team

whos clash

Could be convinced
im convincing you
ooooooo you want to play claaaaash oooooooo
Lol
Lmk what the team is
And I’ll decide

nobody :(
every body hate me
@Gamers :isforme:
this is what happens when you bait people yesterday LMAO
^
yeah uh huh
fucky ou
fucky ou
anyone need a coach/want to be a coach theres suddenly both a free agent and a spot open
LMAO
yall lost without me idk if you can afford to trade me off xd
not true youve never played :trolle:
true
check last series kekw
i see 0 team games for u season 5 sir
true
put me on metabusters im cleaning out every team dw
i believe
if they were still their name what would you play to solo the server
we dont need ur trash udyr
LOL
i believe lil bro dw
i love u lol
also anyone wanna join metabusters for clash? need 1 more
@everyone
ill play
BET
me me me :3
ill inv
ok
😭
in my defense
Noam did prommie me
if someone dips an we will grab u
3 days ago
metabusters stealing my support.......

@hongbaabaa we're all here
ok
im talking to my mom for 5 minutes
but we can start
u need to accept inv
and pick role
and put in ticket
yes
ticket requited from u to lock in
required, do u need one?
im logging back in
i restated my computer  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/03/12 午後 09:07] hongbaabaa cuz fps was lagging
oh ok

@Peter :isforme:
play one at least

anyone trying to play 1 tonight?
sure
ill play one.

LF one for flex! :)
nvm a cutie joined instead!

anyone need a 5th for clash?

me
@Jonah
me heroic and iya need 1 more
@Jonah  sempai:(
ok

@Gamers any gamer
i might be able to be convinced
come
one ~
then i write muh thesis
oh i did not see what the time actually was
i shant
you should go to bed too
as captain i am looking out for my players health
also fill out the when2meet
:L
just tell me what day and ill schedule everything around it
im usually flexible until like day before
is it the case that youre literally available whenever and i can assume that you can play at any time
you need to tell me 3 days in advance
and i can schedule around it yes
avery doesnt know until thursday though

@Gamers NEED ONE FOR FLEX

@Gamers one for flex?
Yep
woooo
Gotta restart computer rq tho
Not picking up my wifi
Bot#8380 here any gamers  {Reactions} meowsplat (3)  [2023/04/08 午後 07:36] peter913 any clash tn

@Gamers gamer

@Gamers anybody wanna play 1?
Okie
big
@hongbaabaa get on

@Gamers anyone down for some games hop on

@Gamers im on in like 15

Closer to 7:30 oops

ANY GAMERS

Anyone down to play tonight?

signups?
xd
I'll be on all night p much i think

@Gamers need 1/2 more for clash!
join normies if interested
I’m operating at the level of a Guinea pig rn
even better
^
Naw cuz I’m way too. Tossed
yodie gang
i'd play a game in a 5 stack but i can't stay up for 3 clash games

any gamers wanna aram

anyone doing clash? @Gamers

Anyone want to clash tonite? @Gamers

me  {Reactions} Teamsexy  [2023/05/28 午後 06:42] highimmac @Gamers anyone down to play some ina bit?

I wish I could but I work in morning:(

yuckkkk

@Gamers signups tn?

anyone wanna join in some ranked flex?

anyone wanna norms

when i get back from the gym at like 10 sure o-o

@Gamers any gamer

@Gamers anyone wanna play some?
i'm down
lemme update my pc tho
@Noam aight, we waitin for ya

@Gamers whose down for some games

any flexers

I could do some flex if that's helpful at all

probably gonna get off to have dinner before signups 😦  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/07/05 午前 10:41] highimmac @Gamers anyone wanna play some games?

In 20 min?

@Gamers anyone want to run a game?

running some fun games with joel if anyone is on and wants to play. @Gamers

Would anyone play 1 ranked game at like right around 11:05 EST cuz I’m on a clock

anyone wanna flex with me/garrett/mason

anyone trying to game
if you guys play tonight hit me up  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/07/22 午前 11:57] pilot15 @Gamers anyone wanna play ?  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/07/22 午後 03:47] jeandones Any 2v2v2v2ers ??

down
when play
stanley
already accepted
i am being hate crimed

me and stooble won
:0

any 2v2v2v2?

@Dean  you still wanna play?
bet

@Garrett @Hidiri @hongbaabaa are yall gamign or just in a vc doing separate soloq games
we're kissing
(same game)
no way
free to join ❤️
ill be there
ping me

coem come

anyone wanna stack
need 1 more

NO FUCKING WAY
what

@Noam i can get in next if u still need 1
get on queen
pls
HERE I COME

ANY FLEXXXXXXXXXERS?
Just finished placements and G1 52LP lol.

Anyone wanna play?

1 more for flex?

Any1 wanna do some norms b4 (potential) signups : )

@Gamers
Yoooo cam gimme like 30 I’ll play
I was pinging for arnye
:3
O
I am not available for the night unfortunately
Yooooooo Cam Turkish bankers will pillage ur homestead
:dinodance2:
No!!!!
O no ! (Ur Mail Box)
It's been a while so I'm not sure if anyone is still interested buttt I can still do a few games
im good for 1 if u want
:dinodance2:
I'd like to meet new people here and get to know uhh anyone so I'm down
OHSHITUR HERE sorry if I'm a bit shy.
ur good, ign?
Arny3

:dinodance2: Any1 wanna group

Anyone wanna group

:dinodance2:
Any groupers
ah shucks man we just got off, i'll ping you next time we got an opening
i can maybe do one more
@Arnye WE CAN RUN ONE MORE
i'm kinda dying teehee
Same tm
Migraine angle

Played league when I should have ate dinner
and got left alone by his support level 3
They were related in timing but not in causality

Oh shit I got out of a game
@Cam Hi
Will b in lobby
i think we're all shleep \:(
Shucks
Well will be free for anyone else
:dinodance2:
i just took nyquil i'm gonna be conked out in 15
otherwise i'd get on with you bb
All good

:dinodance2:
Just got back home after running some errands. Anyone wanna game?

any normals enjoyers?

I'll b down
we almost out of one, you can join us after

`Anyone wanna group later : )

@Arnye wanna group?
Hi sure : D
join lobby vc
we are in mtb and i will drag u

GGs hope we can play again sometime
yessir

Chilling in norms chat if anyone wants play

@Arnye you trynna play?
Hi
Ya
we need a 5th for flex \:D
I'll join

@Arnye tryna play flex?
Ye
Was about to play on my own but if u have room
get in here!!!
Dope
@Gamers LOOKING FOR 5th

need 1 more while honan eats dinner
\:D
@Rex
I am running on fumes
goblin
I will join but
I will be a diseased grandfather

anyone down for 1 ranked
Gold - Emerald
wait i rescind my offer
sorry

Norms enjoyers? :dinodance2:

@Gamers SIGNUPS
Sign up then
GAMER
there are 3 beans
yeah
I cant
!
WHAT
do u still need someone?
YOU LIED
get in here hidiri
Even with 3 beans theyre at 9
Hidiri come
Go go go let them fire

Who tryna play nexus blitz
(on pbe)
NVM PBE DOWN FOR 3 HOURS

@Gamers any nexus blitz fans? (on pbe)

anyone want to play clash tonight? need a 5th pref support
@Jacob ^
possibly
i'm interested
perfect, im not sure if we're friends on league just add me when you get online
is anyone interested in clashing
that doesn't already have 5
i messaged you, we are friends

@Gamers anyone want to play with MVP for a for-fun 5v5 against mtb?
i could
Up to u. @Iya ?
SURE
💯‼️
>:)
threatening….
👹
If you guys are cool w it im just gonna give you all green team role
shure
Kk
im free if needed as well

any gamers wanna run 1 or 2 norms

anyone
down to clash
@Gamers

😦
i think you waited a bit too long
fair
the search begins

@Gamers anyone down to clown?

anyone want to run clash with me and kathy?
im down
Huge we have @Eden so we need one more
@Alana :isforme:
Unfortunately. Homework Diffed.
she has alot of hw
yuh
rip
Krill
what time
I'll be down as well if Jonah aint able to come in
were still short 1 rn i think
Bot#8380 xd
Oh sick  👍
Yeah that works

@Gamers ANY GAMER
(POV: unemployed friend on a monday)
Fired from restaurant
lmao i only work wknds now
ayo who tryna do some signups o-o

the finals are today!
all epic scrimmers will be watching that instead of gaming
Quick 2-0 would end it before signups :)
||(We are going to lose)||
true, but i would feel so bad for spectres
i want to see them at least put up a fight
:trolle:

would win if i wasn't benched all season :/
You’re not even on our team anymore !
Tell that to your cruise and china trip Xdd

need a fifth (jungle or support player)
:isforme:

hello
@Noam do you still need a 5ht
we have kathy
soprry king
kms

@Gamers anyone take my spot tn
Cam doesn’t wanna team practice 😭

@Cam I can

WHO WANTS TO PLAY OVERWATCH
just got off xdd
?/
you didnt tell me?
i think overwatch is my absolute favorite game to play while im high
5 stacked lol
people still play that game
?

im like
actually so cracked at dva
(thats all i can play)
mercy and dva
as a former top 500, that wouldve been nice to have with
ok im like iron
🤣
still tho
good 2 champs to have
we should play sometime 😄
unfortunately i dont have it installed, i also dont like playing ow2 cause of blizzard but cant really use that excuse when i play cod
WHY ARE YOU GODLIKE AT SO MANY GAMES
THIS ISN'T FAIR
im not!
i promise!
ok top 500
ok beat an international master in chess
why do you remember that?!
because you're the goat
ok maybe im good at like 2things
cracked fill player
was*

idk bro you keep getting this mason guy on ur teams
not ur fault tbh
nah im washed at ow and chess now
ur chillin

@Gamers any arena players?
:3?
u free now?
si

need 1 more for 8 eprson arena
@Gamers COME SCRIMMY
oh wait
that's tomorrow isn't
it
yep
it's okay i'm sick

i was wondering when u meant tomorrow cause of the event

need an 8th for arena if anyone wants to play

If peeps wanna lethal company later, let me know

@Joel if there is a group thing later ill dm you, if u wanna play just a few people i can whenever  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/12/16 午後 03:41] Scrim Bot#8380 you stomped
ty

any gamers

anyone wanna play the finals
with me and kathy
what is that?
free shjooter on steam
pvp or pve?
pvp
nahhh
i suck at shooters
:disappointed:
there's a support class!
i'm being typecast~
this is so fucked up

any commander gamers? 👀

im down but id have to semi relearn it
since its been so long
Bot#8380 and sam and resell them they feel good
I can play on TTS during the day
i'm free whenever

Do we wanna schedule for tomorrow or tonight
What works
@Olaf (Erik O.) @Jonah you guys want in on commander?
sure

can do later tonight or tomorrow either works

ill @ everyone after sign ups and see what works

@Jonah @Noam @Cam commander now or another time?
id like to know before i commit elsewhere
i think im about to play league but if everyone else is free now im down
we can do it sometime in the next few days
just wanted to make sure before i hung out with another group

@Gamers anyone want to play one (1) game rn?
shore

am i too late
Unfortunately yes
Next time i'll wait for you king

anyone wannan play some flex xd

any norms/flex enjoyers?

any league gamers around?

what kind of queue
bean and i are in norms rn
but we're down for flex too
ping me when done
i can do 1 or 2

we only need 7 more ppl for signups in 20 mins 😈

Anybody wanna play @Gamers

@Gamers Norms?

@Gamers flex with me and toucini?
i would but mid valo game
just leave cringe game
nom said fuck erik
i'll play
yipee !!

@Gamers any1 tryna run anything

@Gamers 1 more for a flex :3

@Gamers anyone trying to duo im on an emerald smurf

@Gamers Anyone wanna get some games in?

Do we have any destiny 2 gamers in the server?
Honestly tho I think there are

I know valor plays, but I’m not sure if there’s anyone else

I used to play but I got out...

@Gamers Anyone down to play?

But what if you got back in?
@Noam thoughts?
hmmm
hmmmmmmmmm
for final shape or what
I mean, into the light just came out and there’s new stuff to grind for that having a group of people playing would be nice for, but final shape should be a good point to hop back in too
how possible is it to FtP it?
Oh impossible tbh
It’s more free to try
hmm
i will free "to try" it if @Jacob wants
If you end up enjoying it, I highly suggest picking up expansions at a discount
G2a/cdkeys/etc.  are your friends
you'll need to help us get used to things a lot has changed
i think i last played during beyond light
Yeah a lot has changed since then
For the better imo
There’s a pretty good free activity available rn with some good weapons dropping from it too, so that would be good to hop into right away for you guys
if you've played D2 or D1 before and your not interested playing through everything available expansions aren't necessary to play the content that is available right now. With into the light (free expansion/big update) just coming out you get your power level pushed up to pinnacle cap (the number you push for to do big boi PVE content) and the new activities to gain certain weapons that everyone is grinding to get the best rolls for. This free expansion is prepping us for the final shape expansion because in the story this is what the last few big expansions have led to "the end game" if you will. So getting caught up has never been easier and you wouldnt have to pay for anything technically till june if you dont care about playing any of the stories in the other expansions.
icic
Man pinnacle drops
What a flash back

Yeah they are not nearly as important now, they haven’t been raising the cap between seasons so that grind has been reduced

I'm down to try it!

time to download
File size is a little large just a warning
oh i know
i've played before lmao
Just wanted to make sure you were prepared for that 100 gig dent in your storage space
i have 800 left on my games drive but appreciate the heads up haha
17 minutes left
I'm out tn but I can play tomorrow night I think
I'll have time to download it tomorrow
I am at work right now, but I can be on in the afternoons/early evenings
I’ll be on mostly on the weekends though
I don't think I can do early evening tomorrow
Weekends are good for me
Ye that’s when I’m on most of the time anyway

No.
You’re a hater
He won't even wake up to play League with us 😭
Bruh, you wont even get on yo play league
what makes you think we're gonna think you're gonna play destiny with us?
😛
Why am I being exposed like this  {Reactions} 😂 (3)  [2024/04/24 午後 10:56] sarvaris Destiny better game lmao

all of spectres has showed up to put sarv in his place

both equally horrible!
I suffer and play pvp
also a pvp player here

I'm so bad at PVP 😭
I’m largely a pve enjoyer
But I’ll grind pvp if there’s a gun I want
Though destiny pvp is suffering

He just like me fr

Well kinda
I’m not bad at pvp, I just don’t particularly like it lmao

My issue is I dislike boring good builds and the stuff I enjoy is risky and bad lol
Also I'm just like really bad in general for the number of hours I put in

I love competition so PVP can be fun, but I’m a large PVE enjoyer on Destiny 2 especially Raid content

Vow of the Disciple is my favorite raid
So goated

LOOKING FOR AN ARENA DUO

@Gamers we need 2?
for clash

@Gamers anybody for arena or norms?

It’s been a second since I mentioned destiny in this channel, but they just made every expansion up to the current one free to play for the next month or so for anyone who might be interested  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/05/07 午後 10:19] .jaspr Oh fr?
I downloaded it after you last asked but I haven't opened it lol

Yeah I’ve been kinda awol the last few weekends, but if anybody wants to play this weekend lmk

I'd definitely be down

whyyyyyyy do you do this
don't drag more people into this garbage gameeeee

Warframe tho
That’s art
Albion? Best game after league

balatro
🃏

Just join us on the dark side will

its too late I just did a pantheon today

Hell yeah, I did mine Sunday
Which exotic did you pick?

no shot u still play that

Not anymore
Mostly cuz time reasons same as warframe
Bot#8380 i got done to have that you cant type to spell words of the game id play now
In like 5+ years if I’m out of college with a decent job then maybe I’ll get back into them if they’re still around
League addiction is the reason I play not progression
Those games really are time sinks, especially given they encourage daily play
I inevitably end up getting stressed about dailies and it’s not healthy

youd be better off finding a new casual mmo

Name a good one
Albion and warframe gap rest of the genre massively last time I checked a few years ago
Warframe for sheer diversity and scale + quality and Albion for how flexible the progression system is and how the barrier to entry isn’t ducking 3 years of grinding
Plus Albion has some of my favorite combat in any game

Ooh. New worlds good too
It’s fun
Much less interaction with other players tho

id have to look into it mmo's arent my scene
maybe new world or lost ark
idk if bdo is casual its seems sweaty
lost ark is mid as SHIT
it feels ugh
New World is fire

again idk anything about mmos so ill take ur word for it
kinda why  i stopped playing star rail
burn out was coming in and commiting to it is so hard
so i left and now im too far out to re-enter

Albion would be goated if the pvp wasn’t all ganks and zergs. Plus it’s held back by needing to have parity with mobile version
Ff14 is only non action combat mmo I’ve played and I’ve been liking it a ton lately. V generous free trial as well
FF14 mentioned paging @Eden

mists

yeah i mean ik they've added some options for lower player count pvp. its mainly the phone game aspect that makes me not wanna play. I really wanna like the game tho xD

BDO is not casual friendly at all
Played way too much of that game

GW 2 althought outdated is prolly the best mix for tab target and action New World best action but sadly Amazon Games hates making the game any better has loads to do but could've been way better FF14 and WOW obvious kings for tab target but those are kinda like sleep games but story in FF14 is always good

non erper detected /j

👉 👈

PLZ
I just played with a kog that was bad and typed more than i did
had over 1k games this season
fucking insane

👉 👈

Anybody wanna run some norms?

any norms/flex enjoyers?

Anyone wanna play swarm on pbe  {Reactions} AmagiSpeeeeeen  [2024/06/26 午後 04:01] araaraavery its actually been pretty fun so far from what i've played of it

LF group, kog maw extraordinare, prefer to play kogmaw   ============================================================== Guild: Scrim Zone Channel: Text Channels / looking-for-team ==============================================================  [2023/06/15 午後 02:59] camdotzip @Players   Being in-between seasons means changing rosters and finding new players / teams, so this channel is directly for teams **and** players to advertise what they're looking for! Just state what role you play and that you're looking for a spot, or what kind of player you'd like on your team, and all conversation can happen behind the scenes.

I need a team that will let me play when I want to and not when I'm needed, thanks 👍
Bot#8380 if there be fair

I need a team that will let me play zac yasuo bot because Iya won’t let me 😭
have you considered meta busters
👀
We're probably looking for subs ^^
Making will a sub smh
man is starter material
I have Garrett!
We are looking for mid/high skill jg :D
My credentials are undefeated tournament champion season 5 and a dirty rat
Take Will to be your twitch jg otp @Dean
I won't ban it I prommy

Looking for a team to burn everyone with the power of yordles

Or looking for 5-10 point players too either or😂

We need a mid that is <20 points

looking for rex
@Rex ❤️

i could be convinced to play
Im your huckleberry (I need to actually sign up for some inhouses now lol)

Mains Poppy *and* uses outdated southern lingo?  {Reactions} meowsplat (4)  [2023/06/21 午前 12:29] secretlysecret I think I've found love

BET dude what roll

I normally play jungle but have played adc a bit if needed, I smaller champ pool though

Bet dude get ya signup games in then silly head

I signed up tonight

Get them all king

i am an environmental hazard

we know
looking for a discord kitten
stipend: 10$ in RP a week
preferred skills: meowing, playing lulu, telling me im good at league of legends
ill do it
:3
Sry lulu not up to par
bro
youre judging me based on 0% scrims wr?
i have 4.00 kda
You think I did the research on the scrims site
From prior experience 😭😭
Me
Okayyyy
Now we’re talking
when have i played lulu with you
I’m best lulu
Will pocket
I’ve played lulu for you before teddy
I simp for teddy  {Reactions} 🥰  [2023/06/29 午後 11:58] nomulus i'm the best lulu in the server
and i think teddy is poggers
Yeah but you aren’t down bad like I am

y'all are meowing for $10 / week?
damn
supplemental income
Jokes on you I’d meow for free for teddy
never said i'd meow
just said i was best in class lulu
???
when @Kathy is here?
she's BiS
kathy hasn't played lulu for like
half a year

I’ll play alistar and moo?
Free choccy milk

I’m free to be added. fill everything but top.

I’m not good but if anyone needs a smol guy for a team I’m available. If there’s not a spot that’s okay too
Have you done any signups yet by chance?
I’ve done four games so far. I’ve played in other seasons but I don’t know if that counts
Only this season sadly. But ur halfway there to be a starter

FYI, since teams have started forming, number of teams cannot increase until next season. Please keep team formation to the current captains (Stanley, Valor, Noam, Blake, Dean, and Caesarius)
Valor, Blake, and Caesarius still need full rosters so please reach out to them if you’re looking for a team

Im still available for any teams looking

Looking for subs! Anyone from 11-24 point range would be perfect! DM me if interested!

Looking for a top lane sub around 10 points

Hi everyone, Andromeda is looking to add potentially 1-2 subs to the roster. We're mainly looking for players in the mid 10s-20s point range, though if you are outside of that range and want to be on Andromeda we'd be willing to discuss what your spot on the team would look like. Please DM me if interested, thanks!

Good morning everyone, MVP is now looking for subs and potential starters. We have a decent lineup of higher point players in talks and are very flexible but do not let points intimidate you. We are more then happy with teaching and growing new players in the server and lower ranked players who could use a little coaching. Just send me a dm and we can discuss all possibilities for you to fit on The Masked Valoran Pirates roster.

👀

I regret to inform everyone that my points have increased to 10 from 8

Is will without a team right now??
Yea
I thought someone would start him and I wanted to play ad so I didn’t sign him
People are just dumb ig
To be fair I did not commit to anything
I wanted to wait for points to get locked in

and now tehyre lower so there worth even more points

Does every team already have their main rosters?

It looks like NYNB may not! @Daev
i think they do tho
we will see
Looking to leave already? :disappointed:
no
but i will have some more free time
at end of august
so i thought maybe i find a main roster
im fine if not, i like metabusters

NYNB needs one sub :3
^^^^^ Don’t, Blake is a dictator
Yeah Im a dictator I definitely wanted  to lock in Leesin Leblanc

those champs are good idk why you wouldnt
😄
yep :3

Hey @Captains wanted to point out that team locks for rosters start on 8/7 so we should try to have valid teams by then if possible. Going to play matchmaker a bit and point out that @DRDD @Ash @Vernon and @Z have played enough games to be eligible for a roster but do not yet have a team, so if you are looking for spots to fill please consider reaching out to them!  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/08/02 午後 03:42] jeandones Anyone else who still wants a team feel free to send a message here so we know you are interested!

yo just a PSA for everyone, NYNB is looking for subs in the Mid, Jungle, and ADC positions. Shoot me a dm if you're interested!
sign me up im waiting for the comeback !

sorry team might be time for me to roleswap to jungle  {Reactions} 🥺  [2023/09/12 午前 12:20] arnye :dinodance2: I ammm not eligable yet but I am interested in having discussions with a team to get in as a sub once I have enough games played. (I literally just need one more signups session and I'm good)  Primarily play top lane (and is my strongest & preferred role) but I can also play support (mostly engage supports, but I'm willing to learn anything in both roles!)   Please DM me! : )

IM THE FUCKING BEST SONA ON THE SERVER
1V1 ME

So uhhh, I'm not too sure how to join a team but I guess this vhannel is in the right place. Ideally I'd like to join up with Arnye as me and him have good synergy in games.  I'm a jungle primary and mid lane secondary. In jungle I play Kayn/Evelynn/Udyr/Graves and I'm gonna work on refreshing myself on Ekko. Mid lane I play Yas/Yone. If possible I can flex to ADC or top lane seeing as Yasuo can be played mid/bot/top and Yone can be played mid/top but I am also quite comfortable on Jhin adc.  I'm uh, not too sure how this entire process works but DM me if you find interest in me as a player. Peak is platinum 1

Welcome! To be able to join a team you need to have completed 4 signups (casual 5v5 best of 3s), which you can find links to sign up for in #signups . Unfortunately during the team format it is slightly rarer for them to run but we can campaign for it to try to get you ready. The season is pretty close to being over though, and signups will be running a lot more when it's over. Excited to see you on the rift!  {Reactions} deanpog  [2023/10/05 午後 01:42] apari1010 Oh shoot, didn't know. Thank you, I'll go do those.

perma benched man (hopefully) returns next season, looking for mid > top = adc STARTER spot :D
(no longer) -2 point player looking for starter support slot next season!

Looking for gamer boyfriend to carry me to challenger 🥰

Surely I got this

owo
Due to the impending point increases Spectres has decided ~~to lose Season 7~~ not extend me ❤️  If anyone is interested in having the Season 6 certified Best Teammate on their team feel free to send me a message
I’ll give you 3 kisses and a solid high five
I like how he only mentions best teammate and not MVP + First Team Mid XD
If anyone needs a fairly low point player for any role. I am available

oh jonah's available alright
What’s that supposed to mean
yeah!
u prolly went up like +80
u will have to be a 1 man team
7th team  is the Gruer team, 4 other clones of gruer
Bot#8380 hey !  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2023/11/07 午後 12:10] nomulus I call dibs \:)

Those are a given
1 million point team

LMFAOO

@Dean has the points been updated on the website since season over or does it not change yet? Just curious
Not updated yet no
Will be when the season is over
Oh I thought it was over from the other nights game I thought that was finals lol my bad
It was finals but the season isn’t over

Forever Spectres goat, pick this guy up asap

Looking for support sub!

👀

Masked Valoran Pirates is opening up starting positions to players on various roles if interested please do not hesitate to DM me! Will even take pairs of people if you have a friend you want to play with! Love y’all

@Evan It’s time bro

Tragically, due to impending points inflation, Spectres’ roster is going to have changes. Following Gruer’s departure from the squad (he’s washed ❤️), we have shuffled things around and need a jungler to split time with Caesarius (Touching grass diff). We also need subs in various roles as well. If anybody’s interested in playing with the season 6 champs, please shoot me a message. Thanks!
Not so fun at the top is it...  {Reactions} 🔥 (3) FeelsStrongMan  [2023/11/13 午後 04:22] mason_jars Washed old man jg who stole 2nd best jg from hidiri is lft  {Reactions} clean  [2023/11/13 午後 04:22] mason_jars Decent at draft and sure can play the jg role sometimes

Meta Busters is looking for players/subs in every role! Biggest priority is chill players who won't give me PR nightmares (you know who you are \:) )
Also probably gets ur team 2-3 bans for free so
Bot#8380 he doesnt work  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2023/11/13 午後 04:24] jeandones Me!
Signed.
Hmmm sending this right after me
God I wish
🤔

I'm also looking for players for the off season bracket! Feel free to DM if you are interested in playing
Same here

you guys have to start marketing yourself to players to get a team
i would like a dance recital
@Jacob bust a move king
some pick a champ dance for me to copy
I can speak some Chinese

You think you give PR nightmares?
no ❤️
thats why i siad its me
🤠
I have bad news 😔
tough...
when you're so unwanted that you start to cry
i need to change my role tosupp
supp*
thats what i played in china
i also need to stop limit testing
but limit testing is so fun
look at those double digit deaths
becoming intinglove for real
but tis so  and I do so much damage

Wait is that not normal  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/11/16 午後 11:30] ohmysoul. Is anyone looking for a support/adc?

For team format or bilgewater brawl…?

If anyone is still filling out bilgewater brawl rosters, I’m available if anyone wants me

Bilgewaterrrrr
9 bilgewater op
Either/both

wait sarv doesnt have a team? thats criminal
we still need a sub for anyone interested

I wanted him but I was assigned adc and told sarv wanted mid (my captain is role locked mid)
Word I will be in touch
Figuring out what we are missing
If I didn't already have 5 I would've given sarv mid and flexed elsewhere
Too many good plays not enough slots
I have a decent idea at all the teams except the Joel team and I’m scared

I’ll play any role for the tourney, even willing to sub, not too picky. Just practicing mid for team format in signups

I can play support mid and adc 🤠

Uh if any team still needs a mid/adc/fill idk I'm still teamless 🙈

Tf 1 trick 🤝 udyr 1 trick /j
Becoming known as the tf one trick was not on my bingo card for this year but ig it's true
Unlucky you gotta compete with gross gore as the tf goat
Truly unwinnable

i stole his build 💀

LMAO

id like to be added to a team chat so i dont feel FOMO 😛

Looking for a mid/top/jg starter and a support sub !
for the :riftsharks:

Masked Valoran Pirates are going through massive roster changes and have many positions starting and sub available. We are looking for players who want to develop their skills while enjoying the fun and growth throughout the next season. Starting positions as of right now consist of Top and Jungle as well as a few flex positions. Just send me a dm on discord if you have any questions or interests! Thank you ❤️❤️  {Reactions} ❤️ (6)  [2023/12/19 午後 05:29] nomulus Meta Busters are looking for subs in all positions, primarily top! Join a fun team environment looking to push for the championship :metabusters:

looking for a pookie...

Hi hi “rebrand pending” (actually pending although that would be a cool team name) is looking for subs in all positions! Dm me if you’re interested.

i once again am advertising my lft mid/adc (pref main spot)
ill take sub spots if anyone still has them open i just dont wanna be homeless anymore D:

Masked Valoran Pirates are still looking for a starting jungler, as well as subs for every position!!

Rebrand pending is looking for a starting support and subs everywhere as well!!!
See I 1 upped you with three exclamations!!!
Story of my life sadge lol

Looking for jungle starter and mid/top sub!

I'm also looking for subs too!!!!
Listen here 1 upper
next time I'll use 5 lmao
join the team with the best logo in the server!!!!!
:Teamsexy:
:jakesmaids:
All I’m sayin

:isforme: is top tier
Copy and pasting an emote from the server is really high effort yeah I agree
No one said anything about effort
Airwick solos king
I’m sorry

Glad to see that the image of me in a maid outfit is permanently engraved in scrim zone history
Blessed

If anyone needs any players for frostbite I am available
will probably need :isforme:

meeeeee toooo
!

Need 1 sub for tonight at 7, please react if you are available  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/01/13 午後 06:44] blackrazor_s2 Hi if anyone, literally anyone wants to play in frostbite at 7 we still need 1!!!!!!!!

i mean ill play for you or noam whoever needs me
If you need someone after 7:30 i can but not before
i just have to pick up alana from work at 9:30
I believe you’re playing for Noam
he hasnt responded to me lol
We were out
nooooo
He's still in the car rn
cringe
going outside
thats for losers
noam has 5
I will be stealing you then

If there are any teams who need me tonight you can let me know

if any team needs a sub lmk (for regular)  {Reactions} 👀  [2024/01/16 午後 12:10] nomulus We're looking for a mid sub!

In terms of skill or role?  {Reactions} 🇷 🇴 🇱 🇪  [2024/01/16 午後 12:11] jeandones :joker:

Need one more for clash tonight any takers?

Hey just a heads up, 101T has some availability issues so anyone who is looking to play a few games as a sub please reach out - if you are short on games please let us know what day(s) you are free to play signups, we're looking to get more in but unsure of what days work for people!

hey @COolDUCK are you interested in playing for a team?
101T is looking for a sub
when and what lane?
@Will i cede to you

alright @COolDUCK you should have role and be able to see the 101T channel
yep  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/04/28 午後 06:58] nomulus Looking for a starting spot as supp/jungle! Super flexible and willing to play whatever the team needs (but I do have a little bit of a thing for off meta)

are you not staying with metabusters xd

My captain has spoken 😔

If anyone wants to sign me for post season tournament im down!
Will play any role
same here
Also accepting applicants for any role for :riftsharks: next season!
Although starting Mid is taken by my boy

I'm also lft for post season!
I'm looking for a support spot for post season tournament!!

Will play anything for post season tourney! (Pls save me)
(Can only play gragas ^)
(Wukong too)
(Best Lockscreen Normal Cast Gragas NA)

I can play if wanted

Someone sign me for post season tourney I’ll play anything (pref top/supp) I’m not desperate help

Someone sign me for the post season tourney!!!!! :D :D :D (I can only play Friday & Sat so I'll either need a sub or need to be a sub) (Also I may have a little more ping than usual) (I still want to play though :D) (Or atleast be part of a team :D)

Looking for players to play with for postseason \:)
I will play any role for any team !

Looking for group for postseason.  Will play any position

Still looking! Can flex jg or adc as well (results may vary)

Surely my goat isn't teamless

im still looking 🙂
Great support/fill player ^
@Honan \:)
im going down the list

if i get my way, andromeda will be the most ping diffed team in the server

i am looking for team for post season 🙂
can play adc or top

Will play any role (prefer not jg) if anyone is interested depending on dates I usually am always available on weekends and if it’s in the air put me in as a sub till the date is decided

will play mid/adc/support for that post szn tournament if anyone will have me :isforme:

Any players looking for a team for season 8 reach out to me! Open to all applicants :D

Im looking around a bit for season 8 if anyone needs a player for any role just lmk and we can talk about it.

@Apari @Lythi @Alana @hongbaabaa  @Gruer @Dad @Cam you have all been added to a team by a captain but have yet to confirm your spot on the team by messaging scrimbot. Please do this asap so I know teams are correctly formed.

Wait is this for next season of scrimzone @Dean ?
Or is it for off season tournament?
Off season
okok

Now just waiting on @Alana and @hongbaabaa

@Arnye @Jackson can you both message scrim bot to confirm? Thanks

if anyone no shows i can emergency sub
for tonight

will play adc on any team :D

I’m still looking for a team. I’ll play any role

Hey all, I am looking for a team! I main Jungle

I am still looking for a team as well, I am a true fill player and have met the required games

lft mid/ad
:DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Andromeda is currently looking for a Top Lane starter for the upcoming season!  We're primarily looking for someone in the mid-high range of rank/points, but no matter your skill level if you are interested DM me! I am happy to discuss what having you on the team may look like.  Thank you!

That reminds me
My toxic ass is not on a team
6 point player reporting for duty. I play nasus, nunu, ashe, and thresh.
Brother you aren't 6 points 💀
wait last time i checked I was
also if im top can i be -6
Points haven't been publicly visible for like 3 seasons
also this is sarcasm, not the champs, but im not playing against those champs
i remember the spreadsheet
is this coin still weighted

Carrot posting this gif while still being in HIGH SCHOOL is crazy
High School???
this is how i feel
I get how you old people feel watching lamine yamal. I have never felt quite so truly gapped

I'll play any role for this season btw. Pref Jg, adc, or top tho. Not sure how many points I am rn

Holy goat
Anyone can send me a dm if you just want to talk but I’m looking for a team and I’ll play any role

lft fill any role :)

Lft will play support or jungle. Would be eager to play with @Evan Who is also looking but we’re down to play separate too
Dm him for adc me for supp/jungle tho I am supp main 👍

@Eden @Arnye @Olaf (Erik O.) @Hidiri @hongbaabaa  @Julian @Peter Are you looking to be on a team this season or not? Just trying to get a player count and wasn't sure about yall
not likely for me
Aren’t I already on a team
?
no
verbal agreement with a captain does not a contract make
I will take that as a yes though

Ill toss @Bean and @Sarvaris on this, ik we already talked but if you come to a definite answer lmk
Ill get to u on this by todays signups  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/07/23 午後 05:06] mason_jars It really should tho

I'm gonna be a sub at most but yeah probably
I should be at games by thursday?
if i can do math

nah unfortunately

Are there even any teams looking for players?
I think right now a lot of the teams are stuck waiting to see how many teams there are so that they don't snap up all of the available players  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/07/23 午後 10:50] nomulus I'd expect a lot more roster moves within a week of the season starting  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/07/23 午後 11:11] jeandones ^This

I’ve not been playing much, but might be down to sub if I fit in points-wise for the right roster
@Dad @Mythikk @Gruer Are you looking to be on a team this season?
oh nah 🫡

you can’t leave I need you to gap me so I get humbled

Oh so I’m good
Idk check the site

In saying like in that photo you sent I’m listed under eligible players
Ok nvm im only eligible to be a sub 😔

yeah that was before i fixed the sub stuff unfort

Still looking for team 😦 Emerald Support Main that can fill Jung, ADC, Top in that order. LegitBurrito112 ign.
DM on disc
Also, my gold friend @Evan is looking for a team. He "hit emerald" and "is not boosted". plays ADC

we should just add another team called team mcdonalds and let all the grifters play
regulation style

wait how have the burritos not been picked up yet
goated botlane

that being said if a team needs a sub lmk i dont really play the game anymore but my vibes are immaculate
jg -> fill

Play some signups first 😭

hey guys my name is liave and i'm looking for a team, i'm a d4 player who mains kass, hec, and noct but i'm comfortable on other champs/roles aside from bot lane, here's some of the champs i play  top: cho, irelia, renek jg: hec, noct, j4 mid: kass, viktor sup: naut, nami, sona  i played some amateur tourneys with some friends and won some rp from that, i also played jg for my college team as well if you guys need another non-adc player for your team, i'm that guy  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2024/08/21 午後 09:40] hongbaabaa looking for a team

i can play adc and support!
.......
new*
what do you mean by that

Do u actually want a new team

teddy has requested a trade ..........

Teddy you said during that game you were “locked in” how don’t you remember?

locked in, locked out same thing   ============================================================== Guild: Scrim Zone Channel: Text Channels / season-discussion ==============================================================  [2022/11/04 午後 11:40] mason_jars First

2nd
3rd
4th
5th
Sixth

"you need to kill the enemy nexus to win the game"

Csing gives you gold

#kathy4Kaptain2022 🇺🇸 @Kathy  {Reactions} kathys (4)  [2022/11/05 午前 01:42] swagpiss every kassadin player you encounter will be racist

What if we made our captains have a max point value of 14
I think only players with 30+ points should be captains 🙂
You see that would be the smart thing to do
But the heart calls

bad take
make me captain of every team
?
You could be on to something here
Rt
im big brained
tbh
Let me captain but not play
Just like season 2 fr
You know why I can’t :smodge:
Ur just scared I understand
Yes! Of backlash
If there is a McDonald’s team they need to burger flip every single objective
It will allow for creative casting
LMFAOO
Lol

Already set for that 🙂

Ian that every team on this server
:)

Was Season 4 the first season where the starting rosters actually faced each other in finals at all?

yes?
I think so
it might have happened 1 game in season 3 finals
definitely didnt in season 1 or 2
yeah it didnt s3 either LOL
took 4 season to get real rosters for finals :Zzz:
Yea but it was a banger for both finals
agreed
just sad it took this long uk

i like to think of season 1 as a kind of cosmic justice
after a season of fkek and team sexy i deserved some time on airwick
surely me for ezra was a fair trade
actually it mightve been at that point
Imo it was at the time
The bigger thing was no Jake on bitly
^
Jacobs right

Should everyone be able to send messages here?
Admins consensus was that it should be primarily for team members and captains to hype up teams and such
Idk I think probably makes sense to see how it gets used, but will probably mostly be game threads and such
Sounds good

i can already type in here mwuahaha
Hehe

Can non captains make like
Threads
To ask questions

are you asking if they can or if they should be able to

I think it would be cool
ok

sajam viewers get prio for starter spots on my team :isforme: dm

Who tf
Lilypichu viewers get prio to start on Kathy’s team 🙂
Dm us we await your application

what's a sajam
is that like shazam?

Please feel free to reach out to me about my team in the thread I'm going to make on this message. DMs will be closed for the foreseeable future for personal reasons, but still want to be open for recruiting!

Same here, potentially looking for top pending points allowances and also looking for subs!
Dw I'll keep trolling to lower our points noam

no ah ha you're so sexy

updated teams page to track players' eligibility levels :0 :deanpog:
It should automatically update with games played
Eligible starter gang
huge
provided im not a complete dunce
it looks fine I think
maybe a little low but we have had lots of repeat players
Also there’s at least 6 players that will be starting that haven’t played placements yet
*7
And we’re at 30 rn
My prediction is ~49 by season start

7 teams 😠
Do you wanna see the sheet lol?
49 is barely enough for 6
im mathing 6 x 5 = 30 🙂
who needs subs
Teddy I’m gonna time your ass out
We’ve talked about this so many times 😭😭😭
I forgot smile
jk

One sub for every role?
Oh wait
3 subs per team?

Shoot me a dm of what roles you are preferring (In game role and full time or sub) for this season if you have not found a team yet. I will be going through messages tonight to discuss more!

Started a thread.

Every starter should be able to be subbed out
This could range from 1-5 subs per team

Ok

Started a thread.

The dream jkjk lol

> freeze points for all eligible starters once team formation opens, and then start freezing points as players reach eligibility
Pasting this here
(everyone that was ready to run it down)

so youre saying we have another 9 days to run it down

Team formation is when
5 days?
Yah
Huge
First Team to lock starters!
Happy to announce my first sub!
ruler wannabe
and what about it
i just want you to pick kalista into rex
please
for the culture
For what purpose
why do you have codenames
Do you want to see me lose or win
for fun
i wanna watch you 2 duke it out in the bot lane
he wants to see you play kalista!
Or just see what would happen
that mostly

Announcing my whole topside ! LOL
And another sub
mark cuban
(hes a shark)
lmao
i just realized all of them are sharks
based joke
except guppy idk what that is
its fish related
@Hidiri we should do the ghost busters names and you can be the staypuft marshmallow man
down
My homies call me Staypuft
he's fluffy
i'm dan aykroyd
he's huge
and he's coming to take down the twin towers
the smallest size of fizz ult
is named guppy
ah wacky
makes sense
guppy, chomper, gigalodon
im p sure
gigolo
hello?
what is this codename shit hello
dean wanted to be ruler really bad so now he is taking his team with him /s
wait whats the joke here LOL
Xiaohu is the one that means tiger
I chose tiger shark bc i like the animal and RIT's mascot is tiger LMAO
wasnt gengs mascot tiger
im just clowning bor
bro
i mean
yeah
but then say im tryna be Peyz 😭
Ruler gone
joke
tm
i may have done the act youre insinuating but i dont wear lipstick
also
> Players of all ages are allowed to participate, so make sure any content shared is on par with or more appropriate than official Riot content.
oop
do i need to pull up the banlist from twitter LOL
:shrug:

Rift Sharks goated team I'm so excited to play this season!

me too

los labios
For what reason?:isforme:
BAHAHAHA
This whole season has been a lil devious bro
Bot#8380 :russycats :
True
LMAo
So many accusations of win trading floating about
😦
As the moral authority, I would never condone such actions
@Dean I'm basically bo
He bet on a game
That’s different
You just soft inted
Nah
Couldn't be true
&moralleaderboard
Bot#8380 Top 5 Most Moral Members Name - Moral Points: Jar - 3599 Hongbaabaa - 104 Evi - 61 Jackson - 40 J4ke - 32 List updates everyday when I consult the universe.
Bot#8380 or joel if anyone available theyre so
ty scrimbot
Wait he replied to himself
Joel decides who's moral today?????
This line was not coded in
@Joel whats ur thoughts on my morality
He replied to himself
If it is 100% chance would he just talk forever
Yeah

make a channel where he does that
already suggested :)

this is fuckin hilarious

When is the due date for all of our teams to be finalized
I believe I told you a date already but I forgor 💀
The 5th?
I forgor too 💀

@Avery blake talkin shit
time to train in the mountains
@Blake @An resend if u want
ok i sleepedge
i will destroy u
damn i can't post images here
are yall gonna upload the vods with commentary to the youtube channel
@ whoever runs the channel i have no idea lol
we are gonna go back and recast

Discord settings hard will fix
Don’t sweat it lol
Fixed ™️

Mvp bout to get revenge on the spectres fr
Released from the shackles of blind pick
haters all of you
we shall prevail.
im 10 years late

ggs
shoutout to doubters

Mvp bedge
Gonna clap them as comeuppance

Spectres Sweep Spectres Sweep Spectres Sweep Spectres Sweep Spectres Sweep Spectres Sweep Spectres Sweep

u'll never guess this draft
youll never guess {rex quote}
goteem
no stream for tonights game?
uh
ask mason lmao
he forgot he was gonna do it and is
in game
lol
it will be up soon tm
what a silly guy

Dean's scared to get wiped again so he subs himself out lulw

or i just want to give all my players a chance to play!
my bad for letting people have fun
:BlindBedge:

cam when hes having a good day:
quacking in my broot

You won that game yes?

we plead the 5th
you know who.
LMAO
you're gonna tongue kiss right before you both die?
and you can cut the tension with a knife
Bot#8380 disorganization.
my life is ruined
Oops
whitebeard would never do this :(
Im literally king of the piratesd
can we get much higher
me and mike pulling up to perma roam around the map and gap the entire game open
@Mike how does it feel to be the most attractive non pdf member of ur team
wait wrong ping
@PB
NAG
HES PEAK PDF
YOU HAVE NOT DONE UR RESEARCH
You do not wanna see the matt steves smash or pass tierlist
idk bro
you kinda have been getting carried by supp every game
op role or smth
🙂
tru
NAH BUT TO NOT CALL HIM A PDF
You are simply clueless
?
did he get pog either game
didnt think so
casters have no eyes wdym
i gave him one in the solo cast
the most intelligent jg to ever grace the rift
I wanted to g1
I’m so happy to be recognized for my good play 🙂
Cam wanted to give to you game 1
Idk I simply just look for 0 deaths I guess
It was hard to pick, all 5 of you played so well

If i had to vote mvp for my own team game 1, matt game 2 al 🙂
My goat
❤️
this is whats in the logs
btw
where can u see mvps
look into ur crystal ball
Working on it
Bot#8380 all ratios cuz blake go to life would you know that pc from heaven signifies night, is merely a really only
Yep
That’s the answer
@Blake too low tbh
Wallahi
Toxic junglers
LOL

@Rift Sharks @Meta Busters who wants the pregame interview
ill take if our warmup finished early
we're done
so we can do it but if dean is free that's fine
nah
yall take it
i think ours will go long
noam can take it
ill be ready in a few
whos taking red and blue
determined at 10
they have select
Bot#8380 i got
are rosters also determined at 10 or can yall tell me
i'll dm you
thank you

please god no one mention my build

this is so real
i dont see a star next to ur dmg graph
i belkieve that means u didnt top dmg the lobby aka u suck and are washed

It was cylako
ignores ez top, morg jung, and full tank thresh support
She certainly didn’t see game 2 coming
Can’t wait to see the meta busters bust all over the spectres In a couple weeks
me too
personal agenda
mason and an in one team
February 23rd mark your fucking calendars
execution date incoming.
im retired]
Yeah but not as a caster
Number 1 MTB doubter
Maybe number 2 cuz you gave us draft adv game 1 yesterday
you can't play both sides
hes just the coach! mannnnmn
if youre gonna call yourselves meta busters you gotta commit
oh but i can
Masons on a campaign to become the scrims villain I think
(If he isn’t already)
also an has been good mental huh?
Bot#8380 i always my brains. in defense
an really pushing me towards mid season name change.
Bot#8380 the key to defeat impossible either
Did you see the post I replied to LOL
Also it's just banter
LOL\
no it's not
ITS REAL LIFE
I will mid season pivot us to meta enforcers for one week just to shit on an
so true
LMAOOOOO
doesnt meta busting imply you are beating the meta
no?
it means we aren't meta slaves like 80% of the other teams
we play off meta to shift the meta
transfer me to ur team
ill play taric jg
trust
Bet
i mean
we would have taken you
but mr mason wants to be retired coach smh
LMAOI
old man hands
surely
you wouldnt understand
its hard to be a 2 season winner
jacob gets it
hard to get carried my dean connections i'm sure
LOL
also I like Mike being confused that we're playing towards top in a bot lane meta as if he forgot our team name
Ong
good mental includes attack
???
That's not something someone with a good mental would say
Bot#8380 this one  {Reactions} 💅 (5)  [2023/02/04 午後 06:45] yuro he literally already is
if by villain you mean hero!
&moralleaderboard
Bot#8380 Top 5 Most Moral Members Name - Moral Points: Jar - 3417 Cece - 127 Jake - 65 Erik Y. - 36 Jacob - 33 List updates everyday when I consult the universe.
omg jacob!!
@Jacob so moral
My first time!
this is the worst thing to ever happen to this server
wdym
i am
agreed
the moral goat
with me or mason
name someone with more ethics than me
must be opposite day for u frfr
you
^^
they arent on the moral leaderboard tho
17 of the worst things to happen to the server ⁉️
hmmm
everytime mason has a baked ass take he can just point to that and say "i am most moral peasant. my opinion is the best :)"
least mean scrims admin 😢
I think I’m the most moral 🙃
17 people with more ethics than mason
we are more off meta
exactly
thats the secret tho
i have no baked takes
? is this even true
unironically erik is so much more moral than mason
you have drafted the most bland good comps ive ever seen in my life
dont fucking lie huh
cutting off blake LOL
TRUTH
they are good comps
No fiction
sorry for having small monitor
but you cant sit here and say off meta bruh
very off meta
yea
where's your leona jungle hmmmm?
cait lux is super off meta forgot
certainly nothing beats these LMAO
meta is subjective i think
?
eh
wait meta is literally
it kinda is
the one thing that isnt
just ignore all the losses in those pictures 🌝
no?
meta is just
"what people play"
not
oh yea then
LOL
yeah like
huh?
meta is most pervasive champs and strategies
i thought
pervasive means ?
If something is tiered, regardless of tier strength, it’s meta in some capacity
Because it has a tangible place in the metagame
so what i said
LMAO
i was agreeing with you huh
dean really hating on me today
i just got confused
literacy gap
Ops everywhere these days
meta means "most effective tactic avaliable" so i guess my team is never off meta
exactly
cause no matter waht we play we always have the highest chance of winning
although i think that definition no longer applies
tbh
😎
this is not true
i hear people say it all the time
i dont know why
tahts litearlly what it stands for
thats why lol
untrue
meta-game, the game around/about the tame
I would like to point out I have had a unique jungler every game in this server so far since frostbite ended 🙂
meta and the metagame are not the same thing
those are two different words lol
"most effective tactic available" is a backronym
but meta is also a valid abbreviation of metagame
this
it originated as a shortening of metagame
and somebody said it was most effective tactic available
which is obviously untrue given the usage
its not untrue
"my champion is weak in the most effective tactic available" meaningless drivel
thats literally what that means
ok
your last 11 logged games have no repeats
youre allowed to think so
the 12th is leona support so ?
different role 🙂
yeah i wonder how far we can go including role diff
naut support vs jg
true
oh then another naut game
lmao
so
11-13ish
that's how far ig
tf jg next game
or ur fake
okay
noam ur team has been lacking in memes in this channel
lemme practice
gotta make a list of all ur teams picks in each lane and post or something
@Dean
weak imitation at best
ive played more unique jgs than noam
ignore the difference in games played
I mean who here has played jungle Nautilus and won a scrims game
Hm
LOL
i could dw
Truth
Laid the groundwork so mason’s jungle supports could flourish
take me back
@Olaf (Erik O.)
@Noam here i started it for you
started what
God I miss it
ill admit im not an equal opportunity hater
but youre not the number 1
the champ list :)
oh
no duplicates in any role
i don't really get the point but thanks
ah
lets see if yall can keep it going :)
two thresh games but diff roles
Wat about Sivir
I
....
dean has a little trouble seeing
it's okay
Happens to the best of us
too many games playing top lane
only thing that exists is you and your laner yknow how it be
dunno why im getting included
don't make me pull up the receipts
im number 1 hater on every team
Truth
i can do it rn
dean isnt winning another season cuz he cant win without me
real
I believe in us ;-;
🧢
you got carried by joel twice idk what to tell you
LMAO
what did I even say
I def put nut last i think (trolling) ( :clueless: )
not
you
this is
mason's list
right
what is my list?
oh we were 5th
nynb pick was wrong too kekw
yeah that was my L to hold
unless they go 2-8 after we crush them next week
it's okay we got some work to do to prove you wrong about us
:fizzshrug:
putting us last isn't hating
it's just his take LOL
this i will defend
nah i'm busting the meta about takes
anything negative about me is hating
jk I think dean just doesn't trust us to perform  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/02/04 午後 07:19] nomulus which is fair given the current standings
but we're scaling :copium:
I just feel like ur team is a "for content" team and I think us and NYNB have done the most of that
shoutout @Blake
wdym
want to see more memes :smodge:
every one of our drafts have been hype
dean focused more on the memes than the game i think
Still won yesterday :clueless:
i have been delivering on the best takes
dw
My life consists of work, struggling to hit 1000 elo in chess, memes, and spamming adc games
LMAO
your real role dw
:smodge:
also being #1 lck fanboy and ruining my sleep schedule to do so
:tigerpoggers:
Matt made the reaper stuff

oh shoutout him then

Thx

Really hype for the game today
not sure if anyone else is
:andromeda: :valoranpirates:
Both these teams performed very different that I expected going into the season and I wanna see if they can keep it up for Andromeda, or get back to their form in Frostbite for MVP

I hope one of them try ezreal top and realize it’s fun af
Or ez mid was the original intent

Bringing up the jinx wr unfortunately :(
imagine calling urselfs metabusters and another team is the one who wins on ur off meta picks
LMAO
stop the hate
LMAO
not a hater trust

did MVP use Karthus supp?
I think them using our off meta pick just means we busted the meta huh  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/02/05 午後 09:37] mason_jars yes
I need a preemptive argument settled
Is it off meta if you pick a meta champ and build off meta for it?
LMAO
yea
good
@An before this comes up your own coach has stated this to be so
LOL
I can't be ruining the jinx wr like this
never being picked again
smh
throwing
:cylakats: @Valor @Cylako
this is true idk what ur trying to put me on blast for sir
okok i now see what you said in general
"second most popular build" isnt off meta
just getting ready for the inevitable "LOL metabusters locked in varus/vi/viktor I thought you're supposed to be anti meta POSERS LMFAO"
i will end you!
that was a joke
in general
LOL
i mean if you build lethality on varus i think ur off meta
AP?
yea
i mean thats the thing tho
also i think lethality varus is very in meta rn
varus is a rare all builds are meta champ xd
unless you build tank xd
I just wanted to draft all V champs against MVP so I can have cylako dumpster him on a champ that starts with the same letter

It’ll be Quinn
Because valor

True!

When is the next podcast coming out
I eat that shit up

tn at 11
same time every week
:0
:o

memes aside ggs

standings not updated :cryjack:

I literally
Am not home
:)
It would be funny to say
Ctrl- shift - r
Despite having not changed anything
therefore you should do it
i did it
just for you

@Masked Valoran Pirates Goodluck Kings
you too my love
@Iya and queen. and bet u ready for teemo mid?
its off meta tech
if the annie shows up tonight we know who actually wants to win
also who will be the first asol 🤔
is it viable jungle
can't asol till next patch
Bot#8380 my value
whyt
also idk i know annie can top/mid/support
and its all op
Scrims rules, reworked champs/new champs are only allowed on the patch after they come out
i see
doies that count for annie?
kinda reworked but not completely
I don't think so, minor changes usually aren't
Her abilities are the same
annie jg item wr

no one apparently

Valor did not want to play it
Don’t worry I will play it next game
I shall not be contained
Leaving ur twitch up twice in a row was funny
Tbh didn’t even realize until after we picked Samira
we legit forgot about it
Lmfao
For both
Not sure which of those is funnier
I just like autopilot assuming it’s banned
Yeah lol
B1 Samira winning is also funny
I will not be contained
The forbidden combo will be unleashed

everyone mad about the B1 samira
hehehehe
I'll do it again

Cook harder king
reach deeper
Do more damage to the bot lane meta

I have a forbidden pick that will appear at some point this season
Asol rn (it’s banned)

I have had an epiphany
also jacob wtf is your background for that screenshot
oh wacky

dohkla pog

I have good news for @Spectres I'm really fucking drunk
making good decisions tm
will still perform at game time tm
u might see the draven tho
Drunk as piss = smurf on pisslo
Simple maths
LMAO

REAL

do we know whose blue and red @Dean
i foergogr
I will tell at 8

Gigachad cam telling people early vs soyjack dean Jones telling people on time
its fine i mean we gap them either way i was just curious 🤷
(I don’t think we know yet either!
ggs
:saddad: ggs
js we are the first team to take a game off of you
so
:D

Ggs

getting around to watching this state of scrims and yall trying to say that our team play is why we are winning (very true) when in reality we just draft to bore the shit out of the other teams until they run it down for fun
(leaked)
(real)
(let me draft more)
(azir blind)
(mike learn sej please)

Please ignore him, he has been awake for the past 30 hours or so

you make mike play sej and i will launch the integrity review myself dw
B1 nami B2 lucian B3 sej B4 Jax B5 sylas
I cooked this one up myself
Home brew
ill pay you 20 bucks to draft that
@New York Nut Busters yea we are getting paid btw
Non negotiable
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
deans abt to launch the integrity review on me xd
It’s a good draft!
I think Blake might kill himself after playing jax but
Other than that
pre lucian nami nerfs maybe  {Reactions} smodge  [2023/02/21 午後 12:14] taximanvevo @Masked Valoran Pirates if yall ban or steal any of the picks your getting the integrity review fyi  {Reactions} 🤣  [2023/02/21 午後 12:15] jeandones Real.

I will pick your entire team
This is Russian server it is our draft
Ok we will play  R1 zeri R2 lulu R3 wukong R4 azir R5 jayce
If that's how you wanna be
We will play  B1 nami B2 lucian B3 sej B4 Jax B5 sylas B6 zeri B7 lulu B8 wukong B9 azir  B10 jayce
fuck
You will never expect our B11 counter pick
Omega broken
its just a go next

Knight to E4
Roll for Ayaka
this is very funny  {Reactions} valoranpirates  [2023/02/21 午後 03:55] valormvp Honestly hardest game of battleship I have ever experienced

Make a wisdom saving throw, the B12 counter counter pick 360 no scope is unstoppable mental damage
@Cam how much do I have to paypal to get you guys to draft the best ivern game ever for me
wym

asol is enabled now right
cause patch came out
Yes

@Spectres goodluck kings and queens, ur all amazing but if i see any all chat i will be fluming
love you and dont ban teemo!
@Jar ur reputation precedes you
im not even there bruh
im fluming in the club
Ok but who else on ur team all chats LMAO
??????
no ban
@Noam what should we ban
NA JAYCE
ban it.
i dont like this disrespect
ill go tryhard
dont make me
lil bro..
xD
Teemo pick incoming….. ?
Bring back all chatting
Gives some good spice
And some fun banter
we have no caster right
correct
I’ll stream tmrw morning :0
should i not send draft
Pref not
BASED BASED BASED

I cannot be contained

they have to change their team name

> sitting back as spectres blatantly disrespects meta busters in draft and before the game, solidifying their reputation as the villain team.  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/02/24 午後 08:28] mason_jars LOL

ggs guys
i tried to get them to go off meta
but they were too scared of losing  {Reactions} metabusters  [2023/02/24 午後 09:48] araaraavery you put the fear of god in them
ggs!
am i sending reviews or are you @An
BIG
i can do it
ok

we do a little villainy
(we literally just didn't know what to ban)
(their team has drafted a different comp every game xddd)

though i guess the disrespect was not prepping
cuz it did become clear early that they werent gonna draft troll
so maybe we shouldve been prepared for that and had some info on what to do if that was the case
still won the series though 😈

It doesn't matter if you didn't intend it to be bm it sends a message regardless lol
after we fucked up we decided to commit to the bm with the yuumi ban
we have a reputation to uphold
somebodys gotta be the heel team
Only team to drop a game to us 🤠
Real.
refer to subject of reply
also we're literally the heel team we live for entertainment. more exciting if we drop g1

Right but at this point we're the win busters
Losing a game to us is like the ultimate test of trolling

we do a little trolling

ur team is good tho
like unironically
if u just try

damn spectres slayed as usual
Bot#8380 actually dumb
?????????
Real.
damn scrim bot misogynist real
also dean i just saw the L u copped on chess kek
Oh I thought it meant dumb that spectres are winning
Winning record vs her tho so :fizzshrug:
:isforme:
roles reversed from noam conversation
Real
your team doesn't seem to think so 😔
🤷‍♂️ just gotta prove em wrong i guess - i mean game 2 for you guys  should've been in the bag from early game & draft
From my one game against An I think Dean is better but An wasn’t coin flipping as much as Dean
That is my analysis

my number 1 weakness is being too set in executing my own plans and not accounting for or adapting to what my opponent can do
@Dean MVP for game 1? :isforme:
I said u on stream king
Almost doxxed all 4 of them after losing game 1
oh rip
didn't hear
first mvp let's go :deanpog:
I said all at the end I think
ahh i'm on draft for game 2 lol
Aka sending it for content
MTB mvp standings:  Noam - 1 Cylako - 0 Honan- 0 Hidiri - 0 Jacob - 0 Garrett - 0 Joey - 0
100% MVP secure rate
can anyone else in the server say the same?
No.
Except teddy, always the mvp of my heart :)
Pftooo
:PFFFTTTOOO:
Wait who got MVP game 2 and 3
watch the vod
Me. Always.
Real.
Yeah I’m not saying anymore
i should be mvp game 1 tbh
Give me views
handed the game over to them

how do u see this for all teams
or can u not

Make one of the other mods do it smh
You do too much already
Sry I am
DRUNKYYY
ILL SO IT
SONG REC???

draft at what time
8:10 allegedly

r draft rahhhhhhhh

making sure the jinx wr doesnt get out of control
draft @ 9
🙂
blake surely picks gp into me like hidiri
im ready
surely gp is open
oh so you ban my gp
rude
You guys should leave rengar open 🙂
^
^
ill log into taxis account and play ivern if he wont dw
its ok i just go twitch supp
:0
Who says I wont do it?
Ivern top is still good
Like 3 bad mus
i play the vern

When it comes to the website delegating is difficult
This is the best kind of slander

ty, cant wait for our game
Very true

maybe andromeda will be the end of the reign of the nut
live laugh love andromeda sweep
reign of the nut or reign of the busters ? terror of the nuts ?? reign of nut terrors?
Nut busting era
Used in a sentence: “Don’t look now, I’m in my nut busting era”
me after i rengar on her ivern
I mega on her inferno till I bomb  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/03/02 午後 04:21] jeandones :ziggslibs:

@hongbaabaa even if we ignore the fact that you put the statistically worst team in 3rd i can't believe you have rift sharks over andromeda and MVP
Real
mm no i think when you guys put joey in
spectres - Nut busters - metabusters - rift sharks - mvp - andromeda
it was unironically one of the harder matches ive played
the other matches aside from nut busters ofc
@Dean any thoughts
weren't very close
@Blake drop the team rankings
In ur opinion
nynb > rift sharks > metabusters > mvp > specters (cant rank andromada)  {Reactions} andromeda (2)  [2023/03/02 午後 06:38] mason_jars LMAOOO
no shot
also mine is just because its based on
Bot#8380 spectate
how difficult the games were
from my personal perspective
Yo the metabusters getting so much respect
so thats basically it
fr idk where this came from
In terms of game difficulty Rift > Spectres > MB > MVP
I will say the joey cylako roster is secret sauce fr
okay i'm ngl i didn't watch the NB MVP series but if the games against them were easier than the one where it was like 41-5 against us that's uhh
not great lol
What about overall
In game
I respond soon
Oki

Us > MVP > Andro > Spec > Rift > MB
Spec > Nut > Andro > RS > MvP > MB
Yeah we're not the best for sure
Is my predict for end of season
Spectres hard griefed against you guys
Probably their worst series
I think rn you’re still better
does this mean you think MB won't make playoffs? 😔
Yes.
sorry deanster we'll have to prove you wrong yet again
i guess us making playoffs means you for sure don't so fair enough
True
Well actually
First half isn’t over
So literally anything can happen
Didn't y'all just sweep mvp
We swept everyone except Rift
So
LOL
Wait is this ur actual take lmak
Where’s the lie?
i see andro is a consistent 3rd
Nowhere, I'm just surprised xd
this is a big win in my book
LMAO
slander
this is mucked
I await the rakan mid
andromeda last
bruh
This is Hong's take
?
@hongbaabaa ??????
My take is on the podcast LMAO
fires
fired
@Cam rakan mid Viego flex
I await ur draft
stop giving it away pls
LOL
You said it on stream smh
I WAS ON STREAM!?
LOL
Ap rakan did get buffed so
LMAOO
NAH
DELETE
no way this is true your games vs us were so bad for us
Spectres really do be number 1 throw for content team
Can any of the teams just let me play for 1 game
I won't play udyr trust
I'm an old man 1 trick
First game was stomp
Second game was harder but draft diff was thickems
im excited to see what happens when we play you again
now that we've figured out how our team works a little better
@Blake let me play for an?
I'm washed up
No udyr no Yi trust
That's my whole champ pool
how did i already drop to getting +35
this game sucks
wait is dodging -6 now or still -3
-3 first time I think
god playing rakan into this team was ass
didnt help that i had an MF who rushed bloodthirster

Yes
hearing reports the New York Nut Busters are looking to trade Top Laner Blake, "Chemtech Lamar" #insiderrrrrrrr
The offer to execute said trade for 2 high draft picks, a roster player, and a ham sandwich
Sources: Rift sharks looking to dump Adc player Dean for another adc and future picks, considering Garrett
i havent had a ham sandwich in like
ages
is this what top laners eat
like preschool lunch
well yeah top laners stake out at pre schools
sounds about righ
t

sources say teddy wants to replace me real :(

[Sources] Rift Sharks looking to sell Scrim Zone franchising rights for $3.12 and a crumpled up CVS receipt
[sources] rift sharks spending their pocket money on r&d to genetically engineer an actual shark to play top lane (no one likes that role)

to any team, NYNB is looking to trade @Blake, you guys can have him for free, just call me on my business number
what's your business number
need someone to spice up our drafts
1-800-big-cock, you will be re-directed to my secretary, just ask for Matt
oh word
wonder what happens if i actually call that number

Really :isforme:
Photoshopped (blatant lie)

live love laugh andromeda sweep

@Meta Busters @New York Nut Busters anyone able to send rofls from last night?
I am currently fist fighting twelve fully grown grizzly bears rn
Not anymore😎
I didn’t play so I can’t have file
I can send

@New York Nut Busters is rift sharks still the toughest series you guys had?
blake controlling draft is the hardest thing about this season
blakes trade value is plummeting as we speak
answer teh question nerd
❤️
still rift sharks
D:
this is actually true
still hard series
series made for the best clips ever tho
:riftsharks:
idk i think meta abusers was harder than rift sharks
i actually thought we might have lost that meta abusers series  {Reactions} 😭  [2023/03/06 午後 07:19] taximanvevo i knew rift sharks we were gonna win
I let myself hope for a few minutes
is this a metaphor for how the song "payphone" by maroon 5 won us the game
"won"
?
Nut Notices without a doubt  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/03/06 午後 07:55] .jaspr I really like MB vs Spectres
i like the nut notices
alt thumbnails > boring brand
:(
I kinda agree but I like the look of the other ones too

gg
no shot u gap vernon
btw
!!!!
@Blake diffed
i gapped blake wdym
True and real.
Kappa!
game 2 he got diffed fr
Vernon is a washed old man
i think it was a mistake to let zoe thru......
thinking in hind sight........
Or just
Yes now let Rengar through
Don’t blind asol
Game 2 goes different if I slept in the last 25ish hours
LMFAOO
we gap u next series watch your mouth
With Zoe up
we love u tho
❤️
Uh huh
No one’s even told me y’all can play so  {Reactions} missing  [2023/03/08 午後 11:02] camdotzip i give u ivern rengar
if u dont quad ban me
Okay
Dont quad ban me back bro
I will do this
Btw
If you want to next series
>:)
Like my team out performs me
gif no loading
it's just a dead trist
next game will go crazy with adam’s pussy
(thats ur team)
lol
Bot#8380 you are a thing
what
on god sb
Perfect.
u close that mf door
we run it back in round 2
we forced it open
Art.
how long was this prepared.
holy shit
It took me 5 minutes after the match
beginning of the season
oh lmao
he just edits the old image after the game
I never make them before the games, cuz that sends out bad vibes
^
make it before is bad juju
Respectable

what happens when you lose a series
I don’t think we’ll find out
blake gets hung when we lose cuz its a 99% chance we lost because of him

Spectres clears bro wdym

when ios the next podcast
Idk

Friday?
so tmrw
:D
Yeah
Hopefully
Maybe Saturday morning/afternoon

:deanpog:

Theres an outcome where NYNB ends with 10 wins, and every other team ends up with 4, causing a 5-way tie for 2nd
Notably, this is the only way the MB could finish better than 3rd

how about
that doesn't happen
: ^
It’s a 1/4096 chance
And we’d have game differential to break ties
i sweep those
put me in coach 😾

What's more likely, MB 4-0 last games or NYNB 10-0
Statistically the same ik, but I wonder which will not happen and ruin the tie

Hm
I think nynb 4-0
Mb has gotten a lot better lately
What if support on nynb starts to troll
what if jungle on spc stops trolling
Also who is in the race for mvp this season?
everyone 😄
im the lover boy
obviously me
:)
I just want to know who is in mvp talks this late into the season
It comes down to a vote at the end that everyone votes on
It’s a 50/50 split from votes at the end and game mvps
I haven’t had the time to get the standings thing working yet
damn i have zero mvps 😢
never love for the supp
🥹
On god
I’d have to check you might have 1
:isforme:
Yeah you do
just wait till i play blitz : ^
i dont think i have any either
but also our last like
3 games havent been casted so idk
i prob have like 1
you for sure have at least 1

You have 3, most recent series hasn’t been added yet tho
So probably 4-5 ngl
i see
is there a place to see those stats or is it still wip

WIP
Ideally done this week

I CANT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
I'm dead
💀
im smurfing this podcast dw
Time to watch it
not really
I only caught the last bit
And that was too good glad I caught it live
im ngl
love my goat mike
i might be high
LOL
i kinda forgot
ive been staying sober on mondays but
tuesday is
anyones game
@Jar Sadly we cant loose anymore since im only playing Ivern (my best champ)
LOL
im logging into ans account so we can play ivern dw
Leave Rengar open vs us?
down?
lemme play hong rex me avery sarvaris
we pick ivern into rengar
thoughts?
I mean sure
@Mike
we have the best players for each role on our team so
what if i never skill w
Then you are scarwd
I finally let him loose 👀

"You suck at Lee Sin... PROVE THEM WRONG WITH POROFESSORU.GGOP.GGSKILLCAPPED.COM"

paypal for udyr pick worked if u want the ivern u know the drill
LOL

@Jar found the channel for u
Nah
Moment has passed
@Jonah are you playing TN king
You think we stand a chance without him? 😭😭😭
Yes
@Jonah ur j4 sucks I hope you lose
What’s happening
I’ve been insulted
It's cuz I spent an entire podcast dunking on you
Surely if I do it again your team will win
Lmao
Yes I watched the podcast
Damn
Let’s be honest cam was banning j4 anyway
He's scared fr
@Adam I won a ranked game with rakan top earlier
The triple flex?
@Cam any inputs coach
let him cook
.
EW
LET HIM COOK

i was hoping for alana irelia
im actually devastated
I was so confused watching that draft play out
LMFAOo
im gonna get an to teach me irelia
dean just wants me to go 0/10 again
Why gnar on 4 when you obviously want j4 with the rumble mid into asol and then give top counter pick
on?
:)
my jungler thought blue team picked first in round 2
based
@Jonah goat preformance
@Jonah ?
yeahhhhh
maybe i have the braincell
tonight
Strange how team I told how to draft drafted well whilst the other didnt..........
whose who
wait this was homegrown spice
no credit for you
Yeah for sure
in my defense i also didnt want jarvan into asol rakan
that sounds miserable
Me yelling at Cam for 45 mins didnt work
^
yep
wheres the braincell?
we retained that info for 30 seconds
we went to u.gg and clicked on the wr tab
EGO VIEGO
solo q moment
AHJAHA
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ISOLDE?
not sure how we got cho tho
shut UIP
it worked
IDONTWQANNAPLAYMALPHITE
YOUCANTMAKEW ME
IWILLNEVER PLAY MALFITE
NOOOO
L
die
:)
blake
i got chat restricted
What did you say
uhh
nothing bad
but idk if scrim zone would like
i dm
Last chat restrict on my side I told my jg he fucked his own mother 15 times
Huh
like you said he did it 15 times or you said it 15 times
the latter
for sure
former is funnier
The latter
you should have sent a single message saying he did it 15 times
That would have been funny
Just like
Blake do u have a hot mom
The package I sent him (hilarious) (i dont have to take a plane ride for a few months so I am going to pop off)
Get candy
good call!
good call!
surely the no fly list is only for a few months
Appearently so
you would know
The FBI files are in my hand
As are all the files
holy fucking bingle

@An teach me irelia uwu
q
buy bork
thats all u need to know
oh fuck
@PB hey...dont criticize my leona playing... i have 3 braincells
HOLY SHIT I GET MY CHAMP
BLESS
step 1) press e from range step 2) press flash instantly (e + f op) step 3) frag
im an enchanter main ....
please dont flame me
leona is anen canther if 7 cathingl abouht 8t
has w
can build ahurelyas
buuold redempoti9n
i wont
i only flame like 4 league players so u good
did an have a fucking stroke????

@Andromeda ggs
gg
@Rift Sharks GG
ggs
GGS
Who won
||andromeda||

My 1 job is be a smite bot

when i've been freed from the shackles of destiny its over

tired

I’m here to say that meta busters are here to humiliate the rest of the teams starting today. Whether we lose or win we are here to show DOMINANCE
in a friendly environmental way kings and queens and its
LOL
its?
fucked up
LETS GOOOO
just say
royalty

representation for objects but not enbies thats crazy

for the record, late tear was for faster roa
ggs @Meta Busters
Again apologies for the delays
ggs!
@Meta Busters still has 4 possibilities of making playoffs
(out of 2048)
who?
my dms are open
asked?
TRUE
LMAO
XDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
wait
nvm
lol

And we are gonna ruin everyone else in the process muahaha

Wait
Did meta busters win today or lose
Oh you know
Bot#8380 conditions, then

Meta Busters gotta be #1 MVP fans tmrw on god
@Valor get the dub for cylako's sake if not ur own
Bot#8380 plus active cuz we case gamer
This is
not quite right
Ok ngl this is just funny at this point
I’m benched tomorrow king
But I don’t doubt in the bois and the lady

:smodge:

Weirdly like 12 people have 1 mvp, and 5 people have 3 mvps, but NO ONE has 2

Damn bruh I was eating mentos

Oh that’s what it was
I was hungryyy
Munchies moment
Use noise suppression
Honestly op

i was referring to spectes

@Cam its like 97% chance for yall
so
still possible yall dont make it but
severely unlikely
👍
bc i think youd win every tiebreaker
2 more wins for you secures playoffs w no tiebreakers tho
or 1 win + shenanigans
I just found out lol
It ended so fast wtf
I wanted to watch it
Who even won

||adrom 2-0||
I see now lol

@hongbaabaa  for that ranking for metabusters in fourth I think instead of last on the podcast
Real MVP
Lmao true
Hong the goat fr
I wanted to run back a team with my friends :3
Me too and look where it got me :3
Still have chances for 5th :)
Believe it
It’s possible
In my defense it’s much easier to draft an op team when the players don’t have to consent to being on it
Also erik and I are good but we unfortunately aren’t Prince + CoreJJ good

Nah give yourself some credit
You aren't Guma+Keria but probably pretty close to Prince+CoreJJ
LOLLLL
Certainly better than Luger/poome 🙃🙃
YOU GRIEFED THEM
new revised hot take
metabusters players were chained by the concept of "meta busting"
I think that's a pretty cold take
sry
metabusters players held back by their captain noam
is it warmer now : ^
If we started the season as Jacob's Posse or whatever would have been a much different season imo
There you go
^
That's a medium on the spice scale
Sorry lads I've developmentally handicapped you for a split
well technically you've just driven their point value down so next season they can find better teams : ^
Real.
call it roster rebuilding
TSM
I will keep 2 of them and build ScrimZone's Vitality equivalent super team
kekw
Only to be exceedingly mediocre, barely make playoffs, and flame out and disband within a split
I'll keep Cylako though to be my Perkz!  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/03/21 午後 01:30] hongbaabaa i heard rex and I were the support/jg duo to pick up : ^
adc useless role
Are you playing next split
nope
I will spam the GC with gifs while i lose my mind at work

Ah yes, because the team I was captain of did so well 🙃  {Reactions} janley (4)  [2023/03/21 午後 03:07] cylako Hey the team I captain did well to I feel lol

Retire on a win into "coach" pipeline
i can't coach because nobody listens to me : ^
Tough

Can't blame you for this one
Also Jacob's Posse where it's just a big ass picture of your evil grin as our logo goes hard
You were coach season 1
Carried us

true!

@Dean is rift sharks eliminated
?
Why would they be
I don't remember LOL
It's literally only MB
We are literally tied for 4th
Ahhh
Number 1 attention payer
Surely
I feel like Mason wakes up every morning and forgets everything that happened the previous day
:glasses:
I can somewhat relate
I can remember anything league of legends related
anything else is a 50/50
My goat wouldnt slander me like this surely
Yeah he wakes up every morning and thinks that Udyr is still S9 Udyr
Both are weak dunno what's the issue @Blake

beat his ass
publicly @Blake
cant wait for ls to tell me abt millo mid
He said it wont happen
I disagree

Champ can one shot casters early
It's doable
Fought vs a milio mid and a hec jg
Gross

What did milio mid build
Ap or enchnater

enemy built enchanter
ours build ap
i think enchanter is better
@Taxi
shurel into chemtech putrifier was rly strong

sorry sir
had 1 bad game as pyke and got 2 weeked my b
:madping:
was told to
who hurt you
my team banned milio when i was hovering so i first timed pyke
my b for dying like 16 times
taxi….
Wait tbf I think that's valid
Also a normal game so matters even less
i really dont think its like
super bad
apparently i got reported by 9 people
and got kileld by the riot ninjas
i got like insta banned btw
i got out of the lobby, q'ed another game, and then riot made me dodge my next lobby
to ban me

Someone got perma’d lmao
Bro this is actually so fucked up
Based name tho

tyty
guys
im gonna be honest
i think its time to ban my lee sin
after tonight the clip channel will be filled!

@Psycho Carrot you looking to be an honorary team member of the worst team and play for the @Meta Busters tommorow at 7 pm?
👀

@Blake moose hater is that you

taxi get out opf the showerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
no

@Blake genuinely might shit my pants more to come at 10
Good
Deserved
bro
u picked rammus
mashallah brother
You picked yuumi
we're evening it out
g
so how, in a state of neutral ground, do i deserve these demon shits
andromeda is down 2 players now lol
im not a real player
cock*
yipee

@Andromeda side select?

Would also like to add to Dean's announcement that if you would like to discuss bugs or problems with games to reach out to an admin first rather than engaging in it here
^^^^
100% This

hi
uncaged
i cant delete messages
we are not allowed to type at all in general
This is not discussion about the season!
oh sorry
guys this season is pog
^
sejuani top
many good calls have been made
TRUE
r/SylasMains
so about the last series  {Reactions} 🛑  [2023/03/27 午前 12:46] vernong ok but he's kinda hot as fuck no?
sylas is op when he breaks the chains
overthrow demacia fr
yea...
based
i would fuck sylas
in game
in game
in minecraft
not ingame
not a valid defense anymore
oh fuck
Podcast will be up tomorrow
cant wait to hear about the srimzone revolution
@Taxi
True tbh
or terrorist attack either or
I wuv podcast
true you love my based and correct opinions
real and true

U called me the lover boy of the week like a month ago and I've been riding that high for the last month
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOO
sorry bro mike looking kinda good brother
he picked the correct champion and not belveth xd
500 stack asol in 32 minutes is kinda sexy tho no?
true actually
:)
but like
not picking belveth
Uh
x1000 attractiveness to me
I didnt pick belveth either...
true
lots to think about
Now I will
Next series
@Blake bro tell moosehater to get off ur acc

Only 2 teams are still in the running for 1st !
can anyone but nynb still get first?
Yes
thats what i just said :pain:
it just sounded impossible to me
I guess spectres have only played like 2 series all season
theyre 4-2
both could end 8-2
ahh okay
NYNB is guaranteed 2nd or better tho
whats the other team LMAO
you bozo
we literally just talked about it huh
oh
oop
I can pencil in stuff now !!!
So fun
pog
you made a mistake though 🤨
?
surely MB should be the final boss gatekeeping the rest of the teams from reaching ascension as we have
oh ok
Is there a world m31 makes it to semis
Your team can still get 5th noam
?
:copium:
is there a world where you dont?
right I thought you're locked for top 4
Meta busters takes off the chains
💀
Cam has NOT clicked on the foldy sheet
Andromeda can still technically get 5th
If zach gets snapped we unfortunately do not make it
from tie breaker with MVP?
no apparently they have possibilities of uncontested 5th lmao
oh that's crazy
only one team locked rn
too bad MB is gonna get their first win against MVP this week
Looks like someone hasnt looked at the foldy sheet...
4 possibilities
out of 256
spectres has 2 out of 256
rift sharks 98 :froggoOHNOOO:
Thats just the weong picture
wheres ur blue eyes white dragon
ooh
Wrong game !!
i have "water bozo"
i'm getting @Kathy into magic
i will beat you
she bought a wrenn and seven at a game store cuz it looked cool
Card is so dope i dont blame her
agreedge
that's my president  {Reactions} 🫡 (2)  [2023/03/27 午前 01:34] jeandones only card i own
Ofc it's a pendulum
i dont even know what that means
it is rain bozo
pendulum never made sense to me
It doesnt make sense
this is not an invitation to explain it to me  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/03/27 午前 01:35] camdotzip It's so lame
seconded
wrong channel
Dont worry i do not want to
:Sadge:
i miss the good ol days when the only extra deck cards were fusions and synchros
had a sick six sam deck
Not an XYZ guy?
they're like
fine
but i'm a boomer

After playing 6 games vs NYNB and winning 2 of them, seems we could have just played 3 2-game series and gone 1-2 vs them. Thoughts?
Same for andromeda
Surely this means 2 teams have beaten NYNB right?
checks out to me

math
Metabusters 3-0 rest of season
our goat is on the team
The real reason metabusters is losing is cuz no hidiri 🤓
Covid 1 - Meta Busters 0  {Reactions} goodbye (2)  [2023/03/27 午前 09:57] jeandones :Sadge:

Just saying my top is kinda fire
I don’t rotate unless it’s too hard and I lose a full tower and 3 waves to secure drag but still kinda fire

I'm MB biggest fan
Win the last 3 games kings

💪
Honestly
I'm also a meta buster fan
I believe in you guys
We play against you guys next unless our MVP game is rescheduled lol
Ahh gl
his point still stands
Ye I'll be watching
LMAO

💀

pin it
Going to use up all our pins on baked or based smh
Pinned a message.
there's limited pins?
50
Maybe we get more b/c nitro
?
But I doubt
no
u dont
unless they change it
crazy i never knew
Bot#8380 所以它们赢了?拒绝对?骗取决定能介意收到处决定是想象一种方用型的影中的故意大家？?莱文
Mason = ass

I think because we told Blake and Andromeda that this kind of gentlemen shouldn't happen that I will decline your offer

Alternatively
Signups tonight
If faith plays you can just run it
:)
No gentlemanning required
Bot#8380 banned champ

Natural human evolution
corrupted human evolution
Based human evolution
Deus Ex human revolution?

That’s all you can leak 👁️
Our tactics gonna wipe
Cylako is the best drafter I’ve seen on the server
Ez wins

LOL
My strats are both bold and exciting
Some say busting
Cylako makes me wanna bust
This bot is doing something to me man

I got you
Bot#8380 the pop pow
Literally same

my coach trash me on main during state of scrims saying i lose when he isn't there and he won't be here for my games tonight
:sadgers:
LMAOOOOO
Is Milio still banned?
idk
yes
hasnt been a patch
cool
flavor fail spectres taking blue
no stream tonight ?
i think dean is?
perhaps

nami ban LOL
not da twitch lulu

THATS MY GIRL
red side @An
u have side select so u make draft right
#draft-links
mb
draft 8:33
9:33*
@Avery me slandering my top laner to get them to perform
where was this on my name before the game
LOL
penta holy shit
Right?
That was crazy
Hopefully I didn’t peak my mic
so funny xd very good banter
@Dean stop w the kathy hate her wr is poggers !! yuumi is fun!
dont think so i didnt notice it

draft r now
can we just go

gg everyone
Gg nice penta Avery
ggs
ty :peepopray:
@Dean did you fall asleep in the casting futon 🤣
LMFAOOOO
wait how many matches do you have left
couldn't think of a different format
2
2-8!
its winnable
and then
you win through the gauntlet
true andromeda and mvp = ez win
5 bo3 wins in a row
nah we're eliminated lol
based and true
yes but
can't even tie 5th anymore i think
not if I campaign
for a play in
: ^
that has historically worked very well
Im always in support of play ins
last stand
appreciation post for our monarch @kath
@Kathy
Who won?
@Kathy's Kittens wait this still exists
Left halfway through last game
i ran it down and spectres won
Sad
was winnable but they just outplayed us late
You played well from what I saw
actually
it was impossible to win from the beginning
because
we had kathy
and you didn't
:/
I killed kathy 🙂
😔
noooo
take me instead
i flashed to steal it LOL
my only kill
at the end
yo im ngl i think there was one point
where kathy left the keyboard
and rex went in
that was funny as fuck listening to comms
Was there a season game and a sign up at the same time?
ye
reddit yuumi fr
yeah
i've been there 100%
just scrolling twitter
you know kathy is a cs major cuz shes on reddit
thanks man
very cool
real funny meme
makes us feel warm inside
jacob will iwn the next two scrim seasons
dont worry
not if i have anything to say abt it
/s
its the pattern
might just be a sub next season
idk man
you should replace me as captain!
I will be a fan next season
teddy always been my #1 fan
appreciate you man ❤️
im sorry but
this is
extremely funny
unfortunate
dont kick the man while he's down
but funny
:despair:
i was
on janley
but you're not on metabusters : ^
true
hidiri is the only other player to have played on both besides jacob afaik
the "anley" in janley even
hidiri subbed for one game lol
still counts
i'm the common thread 🙃
i mean you still have 2 season wins
arguably only the "ley" tho
can't take that away no matter what lol

Higher winrste then me still remember that

Milo is still disabled yes?
ye
until next patch

how do tiebreakers work again
Head to head matters most, then if thats tied its game differential
so
i dont think it will go down any layers below that
but i can pull it back up if we want
ill write a better rules doc for next season and post somewhere
But basically if you have an equal record. whoever won the most games/series against each other wins the tie breaker
if thats even then its whoever has the better game win/loss record
"Total Wins" used to be included but since all series are bo3 that doesnt matter anymore
if head to head and game differential are equal then it will require an actual tiebreaker game but
i find that unlikely

@Masked Valoran Pirates Joel - Jonah - Thomas - Dean - Zack for game 1
we take red
ill send draft link and ping soon
@Will / @Valor whats your roster?
normal roster but we're subbing Iya out for caspur until she gets back
Valor jungle
so steve or valor
?
Jackson Valor Heroic Will Caspur
in that order
You dont have to say roles btw
LISTEN HERE ZIGGS
you listen them in order too tho
:trolle:
maybe i was misleading you
@Thomas perform my king
The hyperbolic time chamber will work trust
Ctrl shift r on website to restore it btw
@Masked Valoran Pirates R whenever :)
Link is in #draft-links
valor in bathroom
Ok

@Will / @Valor sent links
time is 7
were subbing in erik instead of zack
okie dokie
same roster for yall?
ye

I officially quit draven
@Masked Valoran Pirates ggs
gg
GGs!
gg!
@Valor sunderer on viego in my Christian Minecraft server????
that power outage got me
that was reall really unfortunate :(
@Adam keep it to here

Holy shit
what a game
WHO WON
i only saw g2
adam is actually insane props
WHO'S NEXT
it's going to game 3
YOU DECIDE  {Reactions} 😤  [2023/04/01 午後 10:50] hongbaabaa oh i guess it was game 1 then
Game 3 LFG

@Meta Busters gg!
gg
ggs
fun series!
v sick g2
ggs
ggs!
Shoutout Garrett and Jacob for an insane series especially that fight against Ornn game 1
After Today. New York Nut Busters, Spectres, and Andromeda have locked playoffs It is possible for Rift Sharks to tie with Masked Valoran Pirates for the 4th and final playoffs spot. and they are guaranteed to win the tiebreaker through game differential if it occurs.
Wait did MB win  {Reactions} 😭 (2)  [2023/04/01 午後 11:53] nomulus and shoutout to my whole team for sticking through this season, one series left to get some bread
the whole server would be talking if we did 🥲
best for last
whos the last mtb series against
@Noam I NEED YALL TO BEAT MVP BRO
we are out if you dont
EZ
ITS EZ
have faith
Cylako > Valor or ????  {Reactions} 🥵  [2023/04/01 午後 11:54] .jaspr nah faith is on spectres
UNBENCH MY BOY @Psycho Carrot
fr
His pyke goes hard as hell
LET ME COOK
if I lose, we all lose
Bot#8380 :d

podcast tonight ?
Dean's running it I'm getting wage slaved
how intimate is your relationship with the ceo of wage slavery
Recently it's gotten a lil more serious 😳
People quitting moment xd

i require podcast

I should do a presidential gaming episode  {Reactions} this  [2023/04/03 午後 10:12] nomulus Without Kathy?
With Biden and trunp@
ah
I won’t even be on
that makes more sense
no podcast ? ):
Dean realized he can't carry on without me
And that capitalism is the root of all evil

Next week podcast is me getting dean to talk shop over an hour of 1v1s
real
next week is me being crossed instead of going 1 at a time
🔀
I teach u melee and ask u ab God 👉👈
i want a week of mason 1) actually being there 2) making the plan for the podcast and us getting to watch it completely devolve into chaos because Dean doesn't care enough to get him on track
or
I stream wizard101

Us taking bets on how many players an is going to send invites to spectres 2
ok in her defense that was rly me
and once again half of the server ghosts me : ^
Hong will not be here for season 6 💀
Ur gonna ghost us next season 😦
Bot#8380 'icing :
Nah he’s gonna :spectres: you next season
trying to form a team on this server is impossible
we got a good one this season tho
? We have 6 solid teams
Feel most of the issues are strategy related
None of these rosters are objectionable
hmm
tbh
im 100% certain
if the players I wanted accepted my team invites 2 seasons ago
we would've won
its ok tho
cuz this season
we'll win
hopium
i do have faith in my team 🙏
For Kathy’s or tsa?
for the season before this
:kathys:
i mean kathy's just ended up being 5 players that didn't have a team
we made do with what we had
Ok I’m ngl the narrative your team had was so fucking dope tho
The storyline was hype
Slingshotting from last to 3rd
Also kathy was smurfing so hard in those later games
You two had really good synergy
Fr
I miss seeing that lane
Teddy remember our season 1 synergy?
You told me what to do
And I did it very poorly
While you turbo smurfed on scaling champs
Season 1 champs baby !!!
Back when I constantly forgot summoner spells existed...
Gang gang
You didn't play a single repeat champ all season LOL
:weezer: :smodge:
By season 3 it mostly wasn't a problem anymore
I think
I’m ngl I think I tilted out of my mind 3 minutes into that season and never recovered
I played Yasuo bot twice
Yeah you
Hated me
Lol
*playing with
i hope everyone knows that
Sam S. is the one who drew that
It's such a sick bit of lore man
Bring Sam S. back 🙏
Teddy ur actually such a saint for putting up with me season 1
huh i dont care too much about gameplay
as long as you're wholesome : 3
he quit league 💀
I've never been a rager, yeah
Good for him, he got out
yeah he but works for dignatas what a scrub
Wait that's sick
Actually maybe not with the way orgs are looking 💀
oh yeah they laid off a large part of the workforce
hes looking to get out i thin
its ok its so hard for me to get onto teams surely
wdym bro i can do a gameplan
it really is xd
@hongbaabaa  HOW AM I A GRIEFER
🤨
U and Blake on the podcast said I was a griefer lol
Yeah you are a griefer sometimes
How
Every game I preform well
One game I did bad and I did it for the squad does not mean I griefed
Oh god if they said you were a griefer they are going to be mean about me
I'll watch that tomorrow lmao
can't believe Dean called us the worst team
literally zero basis for that statement just racism
Bot#8380 brb boutta booty ass
LMAOO

@Blake based af Blood and Thunder mention
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?

its gonna have to be so many actually
can i request to be teamless and every team just sends me draft strats so i can be the encyclopedia
and/or comp strats
assuming i dont lose anyone but hong, i still need: rex sub toplane sub jungle sub midlane sub
homie bouta leak their whole player draft unprompted
this is scouting sir
:trolle:
i like kinda want to play kinda want to jsut afk talk shit forever
hmmm
Stop talking about league at 10 in the morning this cannot be good for your health
LOL
i havent slept yet so
basically still yesterday for mem
mason stay on as spectres coach and ill int the start of next season so my points are low enough for u to play when u want to
LOL
with the way my soloq games are going i might not even have to do it intentionally
33% in s3
id say im washed but i was never afloat
currently inspiring confidence for prospects i think

andromeda is just men kissing and me in the back rewcording
thats not true jg mom

in this metaphor i put u up for adoption right before the season not a good look for me
LMFAO
an to me:

TBF Alana got an upgrade in terms of playtime so
like if she was on our team she'd probably only play a handful of games
She got an upgrade.
;)))))
?????
True I guess spectres just teleported higher in the rankings by magic lmao

if spectres took me theyd win ez
this is literally the alana zone
idk scrimzone

this is why i put her up for adoption
trying to be nice
shouldnt have!
We still win
yea maybe if you dont draft for ur team
getting carried by pb monka
This team solos
Sorry who?
I cant see people who are in low
how many points am i?
Mine are gonna TANK after this season lol
i hope andromedas doesnt skyrocket
D:
otherwise andromeda will disband :(
Then I can get scouted and make my new team suffer
:)
nobody wants you except cam
D:
/j
I could convince nynb to take me in :3
LMFAOO
bro u play the game like u have no hands you pheasent
u^
Watch the fuck out
Ratthew Steves
also arent u about to fall out of D3?
No comment
because you gp like my grandma?
You are about as good at Thresh as an 17th century child is at avoiding smallpox
you accepted that ur shit and decided to play garen and malphite perma, and my thresh is goated wtf

jsut watched the podcast... someone please help dean man has nothing to talk about anymore lmao
I was at work bruh mb

hoo boy this'll be a doozy
:glasses:
i am so unbelievably washed
It’s ok you should watch our most recent game
I’m washed as well
I had an outstanding 1/7/11 xayah game

the draven game actually tilted me so hard
That game was not fun for either of us
I did no damage

would anybody like to cast tonight's game with me?

Ggs!
gg
ggs
also Rift Sharks goated
wait is this irl blake
what a little cutie
no comment
little guy
i wanna pat his little head

Matt is like 5' 8" fyi
I am 5' 10" (inches deep in masons mom)
certainly not true
Youd be shocked
6' 1" 180 lbs by next spring
See u there
yeah most definitely still growing
what are u now 90lbs soaking wet?
Nah im 10 lbs
90% helium
Also cam how old do you think I am lol
19 or 20
probably 19
maybe 18 since u are a baby
i think its really funny that we both aspire to 180lbs from different directions
Yeah
We rise
make them remember you
sucks how inefficinet it is to cut then bulk
tbh
now that im closer to 180
im really thinking my cut weight should be like
160
@An who was on specters>
but like
also youre goated wtf!
ty
ive been on a cut for 5 months now
barely been able to exercise cuz i have no energy
im a fine weight my bmi is just too high
cam
i should really weigh myself
like ever
bmi is just weight by height
i need to start something badly!
sry body fat %
how do u calculate
i need to
An, if you dont mind me asking, how much did you lose?
the wrist things
u get a measuring tool
wrist thighs stomach chest
Rift Sharks is the first team to conclude their 10 games, ending 4-6
so i need to like cut fat, maintain weight, build muscle all together :)
203.1 nov 9 2022 187.9 just now
THIS IS SEASON DISCUSSION?
LOL
#1 reading comprehension
thats awesome
i def need to get onto a routine
avg of .7lbs/week which is p close to the pace i wanted
aiming for 1/wk
any more is like
detrimental to health
im already tired enough at 1/wk
nice nice

no literally this
i am so miserable
im this close to just saying fuck it and bulking for a month
but like i dont even wanna see how much my strength has dropped

Ive been eating like
2.8-3k calories a day
And I have never felt more fucking amped in my life

how many grams of mf protein!!!!!
I can't see you from all the way down there lil bro

I'm just saying y'all keep telling me this udyr champ is op but he lost more than he won last night
Cope
i can make any champ look bad
I'm begging both of you to stop building aegis btw LMAO

Think rn its like 50~
Need to get it up

He didn’t win a single game last night
Dead man’s over aegis?

frozen heart brother plz
Ahhhh
Makes sense
Surely there are some games where aegis is better yeah?
i was going frozen heart next g3 fwiw
mightve caught me starting an aegis g1 though......
Lol
Ngl I forgot frozen heart existed
Or I would have built it
I may be a bit of a griefer
Are those last nights games or solo queue today
last night
Also true you built sunderer on viego
That’s as bad as it gets
wait that was absolutely the right call that game you have sett udyr and my teamcomp is trying to drag out fights
@Jar thoughts?
theres an argument i should be looking for assassination on raka or ori ig but i cant get onto sivir
Just go kraken cleaver and melt me
then i just explode when anyone touches me
If everyone focuses me though then you become me
Instant tank
You just can’t use r lol
OMG wait
or i just put chicken and water into a blender and drink that
you know that
early fight
Like a real man would
where i kill you
and then die
i wouldve lived
or even like double kill myself
but
muscle memory spammed r awaken
Lol
Now if I was q max
i was gonna say
w max
I got autocorrected
the horrors
Lol
as much as last night was already The Incident that wouldve been worse
Lmao
I almost had you twice at level 4 but Avery rotates both times
MY TOPLANER!
if you build sunderer on viego you are griefing
shieldbow if you wanna be tankier is better
kraken if you wanna melt people

^

At casters couch and hotline league live
Improving podcast skills assuredly

Not 100% on what time the podcast is gonna be
Will keep you posted
Bot#8380 it

is there anything to talk about after this week?

Were there any games?
Yeah
So yes
I wasn’t sure lmao
But yeah I’ll fill the hour
No mason again so i solo
Or maybe wait until tmrw so I can have mason but he never told me if he could
do u need baked or based takes?
@Jar could you podcast if it was tmrw
Nah
No
Lol just do a 15 min podcast
Ill do it tonight on schedule
I have an hour of content

Holy shit im so glad i didnt have to talk to somone while doing that
barely finished
fun watch
❤️
youre just saying that bc i said youre my second choice for mvp LMAO
no
oh sick
audio quality wasnt terrible?
it wasnt bad
Laptop built in mic 💀
u were just quiet i have to assume to not bother ppl
also that yeah
in the living room tm
Podcast is live!!!
TYSM everyone for the support
I cannot believe I was not even considered for the support category
crying screaming
jk ily
You just dont have enough games 💀
If you play 5+ games of support in your last 2 matches youll be eligible
which is like, a maybe but I barely had enough time as is
what
i have 5+ games on support tf
its 10
i see
bc if each team plays the minimum possible amount of games thats the halfway mark
damn rex and I are both getting scammed i see
Real
ill just give him a kiss instead
Bot#8380 brokeback mountain moment!
?!?!?!?!
IT KNOWS
what
is scrimbot getting more intellegent

oddly enough
i have not changed it's code
but it does seem to be responding more accurately

unironically the best match of the season 😉
(two illegal rosters)
but you get to see me and rex finally get to play bot : ^
this is only true if sarvaris has internet
does ben actually still not have internet
i thought he said he was supposed to get it like
last wk
:smodge:
they told him he'd have it last thursday 🙃
last i heard, still nothing :ouuwaaaaaaa:

Still won’t have it today
Idk about the coming days tho
despair

GG
gg
ggs
rest in piss my butthole
im literally along for the ride
all im saying is
kathy xayah is kinda crazy
noam computer buff
all im saying
thats my president @Kathy
is yes
i agree
!
she was kind of popping off ngl did not expect it
why not?
didn't expect the psycho carrot pyke pop off either
both did well
i expected it
?
bc i've only seen her play support !!
thats fucked cam
that's so fucked bro
Bot#8380 in the rotation for the morg one landed
cam is such a hater
i think so
not cam doubting kathy and psycho carrot on both of their highest mastery champions
like sir
Cam making assumptions????
Not my jg

I didn’t tho lowkey threw game
I had one or two really int plays that coulda turned it massively

Kathy carried bot

a classic
she was spacegliding fr

@Andromeda has locked 2nd after the win last night
Wait maybe
I might be trolling
idk sounds right
heard ppl say that like
6 times
last night
Yeah they win the head to head vs mvp
But it’s possible for there to be a tie for 2nd
Which they’d win
MVP can still get 3rd, 4th or 5th

wait @Spectres yall said game didnt matter
it doesn't
Idk I thought we were in playoffs regardless
Maybe I’m wrong
oh oh
we have half baked roster so it doesn't matter
If so whatever
Mm hmm
na na im top 10 nunu NA
trust
im like mini worse spear shot with panth top
We’re just tornado diffed tbh
It could get you 2nd instead of 3rd/4th but
You’re in playoffs no matter what
And 3rd vs 4th has no impact

ggs
ggs
gg

who won
mvp

:friday:
Pouring one out for the 0-10
At least they ended 4-20

Only way MVP gets a clean 4th is if they lose 0-2, a single game win will secure them a true tie for 3rd, and a series win will tie them for 2nd, with a guaranteed 2nd for M31 based on head to head

Ez

Is the game being live-streamed
@Noam @Jacob @Jar ?
I can’t still
I have a coding project due at midnight
Jacob can’t either
Yeah
I knew that
Sorry
It’s okay
I’m gonna delayed cast them at some point
All 3 from this week
Going to try to make sure we have better casting coverage next season, has probably been the least live covered season so far :(
By percent or total missed?
We've had a lot more series this season
Percent I think
(To caveat it I think part of it is me not doing the laptop cast as much)
I’ll get stats for it b/c I’m a nerd but
Season 1 has 24 vods of 25 games Season 2 has 11 vods of 14 games Season 3 has 24 vods (all games) Season 4 has 36 vods (out of 35 games!???)
Season 3 remains the only season to have no forfeits :pain:
I also need to work on a coding project 😔
It was the all star game for season 4
the cs major lifestyle
perpetually have a coding project due
I'm not CS major! but yes that is accurate
comp e?
yessir
umd comp e is legit just cs lmao
we take more EE classes than CS tho
by numbers
interesting
mech e for life comp e sounds like hell ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
man if i had to take dynamics and statics on top of physics i'd ||off myself||
ok dynamics isnt actually that bad
statics is even easier
yeah but you're mechE!
it should be easier!
people were hyping up dynamics to be the worst class ever
materials is worse tbh
I have no clue what is happening 90% of the time
that's like me telling you the intro programming classes you guys need to take are easy
I mean
they are
people were struggling with operator overloading tho lmao
although I would not want to take a data structures class
anything past basic data structure stuff is way over my head
Cs and engineering is a snooze 😴
what are you then
Business 😌
ew
And what about it 😎
how was your last coloring test
did you get inside all the lines?
A couple strays here and there
lets goooo
You'll get it right next time champ

yk it’d be iconic if mvp beat nut busters tn
like fr
@Blake praying on ur downfall
but not mikes tho 🫶
inshallah mike will go 13/0/20
ur neutral taxi my only enemy is blake because anyone with m7 on gp should be imprisoned

I am this servers main character
You cant hate me
there is no main character we play league of legends
its like the lowest of the low
besides rocket league
No I am the main character
Scrimzone MC
stage 1: denial
Stage 2: The rump shaker

🫶

@Blake what we draft weak champs like udyr for xd

ggs
ty for being patient
ggs
gg
ggs
All I’ve learned from this week is that the only team that can clutch up to help rift sharks secure a playoff spot is rift sharks
LMAOOO
Random subs > Blake undefeated season
subbed for them!
and subbed for airwick!
dean didnt want me and then I shit on him
Was referring to cylako subbing for a 6 point player but yeah
This was a mistake I’ve never forgiven myself for
<3
im only worth 6 points
Hence why I’ve been your number 1 fan since
put me back to that
Implying you’ve ever been close lmao
😦 we will suffer together now as losers
I should be 6 points tbh
Washed old man getting oppressed by the system
yeah you play like ass
True
being 6 points is great
LMFAO\
I'll be joining you there after this season...  {Reactions} 🥵  [2023/04/16 午後 10:47] cylako im about to make a second discord character undercover as a iron 6 player
@Dean put me back to 6 points plz
It's ok both of our teams cannot preform without us surely is the take
Bot#8380 the nerfed into the fuck  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/04/16 午後 10:48] mason_jars True scrim bot

Just a bunch of wannabes

@Meta Busters @Masked Valoran Pirates @Spectres @New York Nut Busters I need all the replay files from the games over the past 4 days
Dm to me asap
Got mtb vs mvp from Jacob :)
Thanks Jacob
🫡

Mvp vs nynb from will :D

ill send it to you later tonight
Tyty

Podcast like Wednesday
Btw
Sorry guys
all g

:isforme:

@Spectres @Andromeda hongbaabaa has lied to me and misled me, I require your assistance in providing the replay files from the game last week.
wow hong is fired
He was just upset about failing his coloring test
I understand.

Oof
Do u have the games in your match history
Actually yes
But I’m not home for another 8 hours
So
real

i believe we are giving up the playoffs spot - Both logan and Ben are out indefinately and I don't see us being ready in two weeks time

Unfortunate
:friday:
We humbly accept your spot :spectres: :riftsharks:

You should play us for it
RS 4 - 0 MB
Imagine how funny it would be if 0-10 team wins playoffs
That would be humorous yeah
Are we the only team to not lose a game to you guys? Or did you take 2 off of spectres and none off of andromeda
Wait yeah you’re 1-4 against every other team
So really that makes us the best team in the league

I don't remember that game
I thought we got 2-0d twice
It was the ezreal senna game that went to like 45 mins
Oh rightttt
We've had so many long and stressful games this season

Fr
Next season gonna be a bunch of quick stomps
Except vs :riftsharks:
8-2
I'll take it
Just found this - was my guesses at rosters from 2 weeks before team formation started
24/30 starters correct 34/48 total
Honestly not terrible

Bruh you guess I was gonna be a sub? 😭
i think team blake was hard to predict
I was told you were gonna be a sub LMAO
i was shocked
Final MVP standings by team btw if anyone cares
Overall
vote me mvp 😉
My take is Cam/Heroic/PB all good votes
I think Taxi had the most standout games on his team but I feel like PB provided more consistency/macro

gotta step my game up then

Too late to do that tm
LOL
You should have convinced more ppl to leave ekko up
idk my ekko got kinda shit on the game vs rex
:l
i see how it is
i try my best
Honestly I feel like you just didn't play enough games to have a big enough impact to match them
i played so many gamessssss
wdymmmmmmmmmmmmmm
i be bustin ass in the mid lane smh
Cam, Heroic, PB had 24,23,21 respectively
you had 15
Me 🤝 Alana Voting taxi 1st mid
😄
THATS MY MIDLANERERRR :LETSFUCKINGGO:
vote me best teammate for consistently running it down and emoting mid game
thanks everyone
If that was how you win best teammate mason would deserve it
vote me for support
remember to ignore my adc era
vote me for adc
remember to ignore my jungle era
yeah but i do it better than mason
Me 🤝 Dean Ignoring a dark past this season on an off-role
because im more girlypop
LMFAO
@Jar they girlypop battle
Me 🤝 A family friend I just met them
wait ill pull up proof
BAN MY SERAPHINE!
vote me
EVERYTHING
me voting for top lane mvp by flipping a coin cause i forgot that roll existed in 5s
i too permanently erase blake's existence from my brain
cant vote for my teammmate
u wouldnt anyway
i spend most of the game singing kpop so therefore gg i win
based
she just like me fr
(dont watch my stream vods)
LMFAOOOO
there was a bit last season where stanley played hatsune miku music
and turned it up after every kill
that still happens
i think he went 12/1 that game or smth
live laugh love stanley
the payphone playlist + the random jpop playlists are too op
when stitiches come on its over
no i scream kda during the game
my team sings rise
cam deafens
i mute and talk to twitch chat
more accurately we yell the word rise as loud as possible
LMFAOOO
i imagine noam screaming RISE
Rise Rise Rise
make them remember you
Riiiiise
PROVE. YOUR. SELF. AND.
RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
we do that bc jacob first timed ryze bot when we were still in a meta busters phase
and all of us just yelled rise the whole game
and then jacob got a quadra and didn't even notice 💀
my first game of ryze
i'm sick with it
was so close to being my fist penta in non-aram
he was over 50% wr at the time it was wild
correction
??
serving cunty.
u cant go my average of 1/10 on seraphine without this playlist
i am the ryzenburg
@Jar come be a meta buster so I can play support again :isforme:
an sent me that image like 30 times during draft once
i blocked her
this is what i mean
noam all last season:
dude iya went for an ult flash against me
THOSE ARE NOT THE COMBOS I MEAN
timing is so hard to pull off
and she did it
i am a fool and couldnt remember this stuff
so i had to write it down
💀
i have a really bad memory
okay
ive been trying to learn them but i forget and keep accidentally doing them
Vote michael for 6th player btw - only player on our team with a positive wr im pretty sure
we been knew  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/04/19 午後 03:20] .jaspr hey man let's not bring winrates into this 💀
LMFAOOO AHAHA
I’m worse
Joined 8-2(might be wrong?) team and went 0-2 lmfao I had a good time tho not sure if Rex did 👉👈😗
what in gods name are you talking about
your team was 5-3 (11-10) before you joined and was 5-4 (11-12) after the series you played
psycho carrot spreading propaganda smh

I think my winrate is even i could be wrong
I guess that's not positive
but it's not negative :D
43%
damn
unlucky
I'm at 13% I think :chadium:

VOTE JACOB SECOND SUPPORT
MAKE UP FOR PAST INJUSTICES
ONLY YOU (yes i'm talking to you) CAN MAKE THINGS RIGHT

My champs are all weak lmao
Simply not worth 38 pointd
Writing down combos gigachad
Sylas is probably the perfect mc for the game tho lmao
agreed.
is it on steam?
@Noam would i like it?
Really
I thought specters was in contention for second
Maybe I’m high
they were in contention for second
I was trippin
they were 5-3
team that got second ended 6-4
Oh wait so it was team diff not me diff, there is no me in team 🙂
do you enjoy pixel graphics, rpgs, demacia lore, and roguelight-esq games?
also yes steam
yes to all but rpg
i guess that depends
how's the writing?
ur not the one roleplaying directly like theres no choices like a dating sim
its okay, pretty good for a riot game
gotcha
Dirty Bomb + Lethal League >>>>>>
based steam library
i think i opened both of those games one time each
i'm a fake fan
Never mind
You suck
understandable
but i think it's a bug
b/c i do not remember spending that much time
def a couple hundred hours but i feel like it's a few hundred too high
any terraria gamers o-o
id play
i'm down
game is so sick
i didn't buy it i'm watching a playthrough
Lol
it looks fun but idk if you'd like it
@Kathy keeps bugging me to play with her
but also general not season discussion!
o-o
im down
@Kathy @Jacob terraria squad?
dude let's do it
WHEN O_O
im literally down tonight xd
both of our teams are out LOL
i havent played in a very long time
disclaimer
so i kinda forget how to play
me neither
but i played like
4 years ago
actually more than that
maybe 6
i haven't played the last patch i don't think
general
pls
before dean tans my hide
@Noam you’re fine hong is bozo

I’ll play terraria  {Reactions} TryingMyBest  [2023/04/19 午後 09:48] jeandones Podcast coming Saturday night after the awards show

Apologies for baiting

I will hunt you down

😰
I’m sorry
id play if it was Calamity

we should mod it^

just started a calamity run w my roomie
goated mod + music
Bot#8380 ;) but that big news
What class
sorry scrimblo
This has implications on my opinion of you
he's doing ranged im currently summoner / melee bc the robot gear is so cool early
and we have no discernable melee weapons / armor yet
So youre actually melee right?
your opinion of me doesn't matter
Not summoner?
yeh that's the end goal
:(
Okay good
<3
Summoner is for little babies
usually i go mage
but i've done that so many times i needed to switch it up
and all of my friends have decided to collectively play ranger
Ranger = Melee >Mage > Summoner
this is certainly season discussion
Yes
What difficulty?
expert + revengeance
Good
wrong message
lol
chill you're 15 years old
???????????????
Whats with this bad blood
just need to keep u humble is all
the nut busters have grown too strong
Sorry how many hours do you have in Terraria?
sorry i can't consider it a full time job yet im sorry i'll step it up
Good
Youve been slacking Cam

:(

Don’t like the game but a friend has convinced me to appreciate the music
Infestation goes hard
smh
@Spectres @Masked Valoran Pirates yall slackin!
I'm just the coach buddy
and?
Pb said I didn't do anything anyway
Vote
How does nynb have more responses than MB lol
They have like 5 players!
6*
and 5 of them votes
(most active team in the server)
How though hasn't MB had like 6 or 7 voters
Oh wait is this awards
I'm dumb mb

I see 5% more than rift sharks :hehe:
oh wait
im looking at the wrong color

On what
I did the survey thingy
Average scrims reading comp

Awards

I already filled that out
dont go after my team!
You are the only one on your team to have done so then
@Valor That's my captain
leading the way
I just want y’all to have your opinions heard :(
youre up to 2 votes now huge
yea but my opinion that im not worth 38 points keeps getting ignored
kinda fucked up fr
I would bet real money your current points are not 38
probably not lmao
Probably higher :KekW:
Dean rigging the bet smh
I genuinely have no clue
He’s not including captains lol
exactly
I love you
my goat  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/04/20 午後 01:24] valormvp Marry me
Mason I will pull out udyr don’t try me
Do it  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/04/20 午後 01:25] mason_jars Champ sucks anyways  {Reactions} 😩  [2023/04/20 午後 01:26] valormvp But out of honor
what no embed
we go with this one instead then
?
The awards thing is anonymous all I know is 2 of u have voted no clue which 2

Ahhh
GET HYPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
🥳

Anyone else want to hop on podcast for a bit?

Fun pod tonight boys

No podcast tn I am one of Asols sleepiest warriors today

no need for one tho no?
I guess but we were finally gonna get a mason episode
But I literally cannot stay awake until then so
My apologies 😭

ggs
@Rift Sharks Ggs
ggs
ggs
gg's
:teemothumbs:
gg
what was outcome
||2-1||
|| NYNB 2 - 1 RS ||
||unlucky||
ggwp
any interviewers?
Alex
Really wants to
NO
DONT DO IT AGAIn
Sad
I can do it
don't do what again
If want
is blake lying
no he doesnt want to
blake or me
interview tldr
pick melee champs
updated bracket
when is our match being uploaded i wanna see cast
:3
its on twitch now :)
but like rn
this link when its up
oh
or now
LOL
Cast is... interesting...
true
yup now

:trolle:

"i cant believe taxi doesnt like kassadin... he just seems so racist... i get that vibe" ~casters casting our game
real

if it makes you feel better i did think about kass over ekko

LOL

with neeko mid scope is she enabled or disabled?
oh is that live rn
disabled
im pretty sure its live now  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/05/03 午後 01:15] jeandones yuumi was disabled for midscope
Should we do an announcement for it?
can u
kk
done!

What a tragic end to the season lmal
Tornado diff really set the whole ball rolling, unfortunate
wait what happened im confused
#announcements
Average scrims zone reading comp
i didnt ping tbf
Lazy admin smh my head
no i just didnt think it was pingable
idk
I'm joshing ya buddy LOL
It's probably not

I read it
So what it's just nynb vs mvp and that's it we are done?
yeah
Wack
yeah

Reverse sweep?
Idk what you call it tbh
Wait mvp vs MB reading comprehension is a skill I need

I got internet back Wednesday this past week btw. Literally was out for over a month lmao

Insane

can we just get super mega confrimation bo3 or bo5
bo3
!

@Blake who is it
@Valor if you go blue you will get a funny notification in ur paypal
Alright gang what's the plans for next season
Me n U
dean is surely going to award me captain ship
and at long last i can assemble avengers team
@Mike what if we both retire and play lor
Im getting there broi
It may be
Would you want to duo noxus invasion :isforme:
LOL
I hit masters playing Tristana teemo lmao
Maybe I'm the villain
Lol I havent played in awhile
first champ is sexy
I thinks im like d3/d4
O_O
AHAHAAH
when is season 6?
never play this dogass game ever again
im finally free
Lmao
Goat game
Very
I've been maxing out maps lmao
Lool
Bro where is the scrimzone btd
btd battles 1v1s
id be unstoppable
Unpoppable
Sauda abusers stand up xd
The real goat
Sauda is op thou
I love the drone guy too lmao
I know he's kinda mid but he's fun
Hes got his maps
Perma camo detect kinda saucy
Hes just situational

In the fall!
We take a break for signups and stuff over the summer since scheduling in the summer is way harder  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/05/13 午前 09:26] jeandones Love my pr answer king

🫡 anything for you bb

i'm just surprised noam was up at 7 am LOL

I had an 8 am final today
rippp
how was it?
Not bad
But this isn't season discussion material!
lol
nice

official ur mom

sadge

Lol

Meta Busters Season 5 performance:
Meta Busters Season 6 performance:
gigachads  {Reactions} chadium (3)  [2023/07/14 午前 11:44] nomulus @Jacob I disprove you

omg caught lying on main
What did you do to go down 5 points

oh  i was late to the party
My ADC phase  {Reactions} 💯 (2)  [2023/07/14 午後 12:01] jeandones only person able to swap to adc and lose *only* 5 points
I need to do my gauntlet run of playing every role
Soon I will adc and terrorize on the rift
But only when Garrett performs so well he shoots up to 25 points and I will need to regretfully let him go
hey i gained points
we meant moral points
i also gained points

oh noam was talking about actual poirnts
noam is distracting from the point at hand
adc players are not moral
how
we just get abused by every other role in the game :/
the value of adc gap grows exponentially based on how good the rest of the team is :0
This is such a scary message

Just dont let the udyr thru
:)
Garbage champ we ban hecarim in these parts

🙂
ANDROMEDA CLASH ANDROMEDA CLASH
Is toda clash
yeah
Fuck
today and tmrw
Lock in closes…?
Is it 10:30 eastern
no clue
I think it’s 10:15
Given that’s less than 2 hours from now and I am waiting for a play to start my chances are looking grim
10

Androedam clash no good :(
(ﾒ￣▽￣)︻┳═一
:(

When does the actual season start?

ty

im the blue one

Matt is the white one (5' 2" pasty af)
@PB

he died
I don’t know what happened

Look out y'all
Bausen's law is in full force

With the new season starting soon, I think I need to ask the most important question: WHEN IS THE PODCAST STARTING?????!????!?
I NEEEEEEEEED IT
First day of season
I am not home until Tuesday night
Mason has Mondays off now so it will actually function  {Reactions} 😌  [2023/08/06 午前 11:58] plainbagel26 :0
LETS GOOO
can't wait for mason to talk trash about his top laner 😌
Why did season get moved up a week?
It's in the announcement
"...start a week earlier than previously announced to allow more times to schedule games"

Reading devil strikes again

I would never lmao

Rough

shouldnt you know this
presumably this was discussed in mod chat

surely 🥸
Captain chat it seems 😭

Tbf half the stuff *in* admin chat cam still doesn’t know about

@Dean could I make a podcast appearance in the future? 👀

Yea we are working on it tm

Please leave Ekko open against metabusters 🙂
Yeah and leave Rell open against Andromeda :3
Please open against rift sharks 🙂

My champs are all weak dw abt what I'm cookin
I'm a silly guy with some silly champs
based and true^

While we’re at it if I could get my pyke more than once every few series I’d be a happy guy, I’m not a one trick I’m just significantly better on a specific champion
@Evan Can confirm my amumu is nasty

Kan we please let kat go through at least once? @Noam you still owe me a game :3

i said signup and you haven't signed up!!
willing to discuss tho

Kat v ekko, deal?

Yep
Deal

Podcast tonight time when?
10pm
What will be in podcast
Special surprise!
I LOVE SUPRISES
When team power rankings predictions
Can't wait to dunk on people again
Now you actually have to back it up tho

Yeah cuz ur rankings were so good the last time
which rating were more accurate
I think masons was closer
Actually masons wasn’t that bad

Xd
I think blind guessing into ur team this is pretty accurate
Dean was on some cope tho xd
can't wait to see the Mason seat shuffle
Also I gave pretty based takes on gameplay no xd
I don’t remember ur takes, I only listened when u said I was good
My median is better :)
can i get some std dev analysis on this \:)
sorry Wrong Score™ is the best metric created by humans to this date
I got 4 really close (with one right) and 2 bombs and mason got one right and was somewhat close on 4 and bombed 1
I agree
Yea but I feel like predicting metabusters tank is just the goat maneuver
Into joining the team
Bot#8380 alistar
LOL
Mason orchestrating entire last season's outcome behind the scenes?
True
I am the shadow figure behind scrims zone
I somehow predicted the teams in order of least to most churn LOL
Best team mental prediction of all time
I was the only person gassing you up all season xd I'm the goat simply
pretty sure I said PB was the best performing supp in the server like week 2
5th = gassing up
lying on main smh
Wait nom said I’m good?
I gave him mvp in games huh
Don't cap on my name
Nom is my new best friend  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/08/14 午後 01:12] jeandones And I didn’t?
Nay I had to point it out
P sure I said something along the lines of pb being the only good player on the team at some point
LMAOOOO
I do not stand by that now.
Goat take tbh
Whole team is good
NVM bro you cooked
Nope, I was the only good player on nut buster
My b og didn't recognize ur game
Except Blake (coward)  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/08/14 午後 01:13] plainbagel26 U were right
:riftsharks: Taxi is p good too
Bot#8380 she just doesnt have aids like lulu lmao
???
TRUE!
yeah
LULU HAS AIDS REAL???
who's been feeding the bot smh
Bros stuck in emerald low wdym
/j
If emerald means youre bad what does that say about me
time gated or something
You would be emerald if u played the game and ur main role lmao
Hmm I wonder
Bros got the ss
at least nynb past and present is consistent with each other :crackheadlux:
TRUE?!
I get new monitor so game is playable again xd
Saying people have aids + Mike is on the team
Got tm

When is first episode of podcast
For this season
Huh
Reading devil strikes again
🙂
scrimzone reading comprehension is real
To be fair I didn't get pinged
I didn't have the updated pings
Update your settings!
Times are a’ changing and old folks like us just have to adapt…
it's okay i had my own reading comprehension moment for scheduling

I don't lie
viktor dying to malz e in arcane

@Noam @Jar @Dean HELLO?!? SLANDER???
WILL IS MY ONLY SHOOTER???
🙂
1. MTB \n \n \n \n 6. The rest idk
@Dean
Bot#8380 aight, idk
TRASH?!
Unbelievable it takes a lot of energy to be this confident
THEY GO IN 6TH
WOAH DEAN YOURE TELLING ME TO DO WHAT?!
D:
ty
Season 6 Tier List MTB SPC M31 RS MVP NYNB
@Dean
show data analysis onstream
:deanpog:
wil ldo
wait no
my powerranking is one of the ones considered already
the tier list was constructed based on the numbers presented
oh LOL
whats the old one
this one is correct
kk
incorrect one was deleted
heard
this one has real an data
@Dean
do you notice that the An data is
exactly the same as one of the mps
GOD
🙃
no i don't think anyone did notice
ok real final final not double counting an
deanonymizing me alone..........
you did that!
to you!
in dms!
did you not send it for me to add it to averages?
why give me extra weight in a category all by myself
no!
i sent it to you so you knew which one was mine
oh ok well
it's in there now 🙂
to spark conversation and such
it was already in there!
🙂
not that my take isnt incredibly legit
and based and real
Remaining captains send me rankings so I can update!
who is left
or any other myster individuals
spectres?
i won't leak i prommy
oh and mvp
"I love all top laners equally I just love Avery more" - Mason Jars
@Avery imy king
you deserve the universe
it's been so long since i've had nice things said about me on the podcast
all it took was my points dropping to -2 for me to be undervalued
@PB
this is super valid sorry everyone but avery really is the goat
sorry to let him down...........
i love avery too 🙂
release my mans from weakside let him cook

i released him multiple times cmon bruh
we oop

idk what youre saying i click in circles until intstructed to do otherwise
a monkey could replace me and you'd never know
maybe it has? 😏
LMAO

I find it hilarious that people only rate mvp high placement when anonymous, every single named person besides Stanley at 4 said 5 or 6
While anonymous is 3 2 and 1
I thought I said 3
No that’s metabusterd
Which you rated LOWER than all of the other named people
Stanley over here speaking his mind for real
I had MVP 3 and MB 4 I believe
And guess what, 2 of the 3 MP BOTH put meta busters at 5, when most people put 1. It’s all a hoax, people are afraid to speak their mind! (Dean it’s a joke plz don’t ban me for exposing the voter manipulation)
SMH I can't believe Dean would threaten people in order to lower his Wrong Score
I mean i think its interesting
will be fun to see how things turn out

No one can say I did not speak my mind
I went first
Bot#8380 and tekken had if you stomp
yeah
unfortunately I only play guilty gear
so true scrimbot

Here are the updated rankings including opinions from every captain

Rift Sharks on the exactly average run lfg

I regret rating MVP so low
Pooza best top laner in the server put some respecc on his name  {Reactions} clean  [2023/08/15 午後 10:47] nomulus It's joever guys they go 10-0

Where can you see the general schedule and who has side selection for the first weeks match coming up?
Nvm to the first part, browser diff had me seeing a blank page. Still curious about side select
@Dean can confirm but it should be team on the left side has side select  {Reactions} 👍🏻  [2023/08/17 午後 03:37] Scrim Bot#8380 anyways
no
Team on left has side select if it works same way as last season
^

@Dean can we postpone the season like a month so our supp can finish playing baldurs gate
Seconded
thirded
I'll buy the game it'll balance out
As soon as series is done Kathy goes: "Okay ggs guys I gotta go play baldur's gate byeee" and leaves

:chadjack:
slay
Fourth

Healthiest relationship with league

im no step-jungler im the jungler that stepped up
REAL

@Cam kick someone from the call rq
game 3 dmg graphs
based
the mvps begin
Refresh
nop
Hmm

omg
gonna need my nut busters to make memes asap
@Alana ❤️
bleu <3 ;3
selection of the sides por favor
true queen
draft time?
9:40
plz
LMAO
@Avery what does r kelly moment mean
are you about to beat me irl

is it appropriate to pray on peoples downfall in game
lmao
@Jar ill go
ggs
gg
ggs
my name is available for you now
i changed it
wait everyone put spectres top 3
will is the only outlier
this is libel or something surely
i put them number 2
LMAO
but idk
yall said everyone said they were boofed
you will be hearing from my lawyer
LMAO
i know pb put them last
@Jacob matthew isn't busy right
i said they got tornado gapped
where memes
talk your teams up 🙂
@Andromeda gg's!
GG
thanks hon

Dean is my number one hater
Mason used to be but he moved to number 2
How I sleep knowing my team despises me
LMAO

I’m just a realist
Also I was wills #1 critic last season but I was happy when he proved me wrong and played well
Same goes for u

i am mocked and clowned on for swapping roles every season to give my team the best possible roster
it's okay
i will simply prove you all wrong
Season 5 :smodge:
At least you can’t do worse than that
literally can't already won a series

Right that’s what I meant

First day of law school today!  {Reactions} 😌 (2)  [2023/08/22 午後 06:23] camdotzip ¡¡REVOLUCIÓN DE LAS CHICAS DE LA LUNA!!
is that a home cooked meme
deseo :(
you wish it was?
si
wowe ! french paid off  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/08/22 午後 06:27] Scrim Bot#8380 oh and then
<4 u mimo
<4 u cam
its like from some vtuber
REALLY?
A VTUBER HAS THIS QUALITY??
not live i dont think
like a mv
or something
THATS STILL BONKERS
ikr
making maymays is fun

@Alana is this champ racist enough
yes.

GGs!
ggs most def
baldurs gate carrying another team to victory]
gg for real
gg dylan carried
:pain:

most fun game to cast i think ive ever done
yall had me on my seat ‼️‼️‼️

My new expected season standings: 1. Meta Busters 2. Spectres 3. MVP 4. Rift Sharks 5. Andro 6. NYNB  Surely I am not overreacting to 1 weekend 🙂
D:
that ending was a banger though wish I could've caught it live
Nah I fuck w this
Didnt seed one almost lose to seed 6 🤔
With a scuffed roster
:)
slander
with one of our weakest lineups yes
No mason
No Adam
and me top instead of joey 🤮
did you not run your starting lineup?
we did
just is weaker then our sub
Russ is insulting himself for fun
Adam just the goat
I cannot lie
let him play irelia :)
where he at then :missing:
He's too busy playing irellia
@Adam play irelia again honey
what is this slander against nynb
yes shes beautiful..
it was ur own team
I think she got a new chroma that's sick
the calls are from inside fr
mason did u like my meme
LMAO
kinda gas
ur just that talented king what can i say
I gap Adam any day of the week, just didn't want to go all out on Sunday
true actually
adam is a fraud fr

Please dont go all out

that is a hate crime
im giga washed and russ is the goat G.O.A.T.
id get my teeth kicked in by his ornn

real

#insiderrrrrrrr

@Cam
¡¡REVOLUCIÓN DE LAS CHICAS DE LA LUNA!

LETS GO NYNB !!!!!!!
@Mike
👀
Dont tempt me with a good time
go NYNB gamers!!!!!
You get them king
@An
KAT PICK?
@Hidiri
@Dean ur a coward
O_O
@Mike how do you walk normally with that third leg you got
Bot#8380 and dies
Yes
@Hidiri ur so boring
I'm so asleep
its not in my hands big man
1v1 me gp v nidalee later lil bro
Im a washed old man
Villagerlo gaming or what xd

@Hidiri YOU FUCKING LIED TO ME
i tried
blame dean

The honan alt+tab goes brazy
you guys are gonna have to start banning me out first rotation
i play more than 3 champs
@Daev sigma rakan mid activity?
@Adam is this the rakan top I told you abt kekw
no even better
Let him cook lmao
ive wanted to be allowed to play this for 6 months

Hidiri my goat fr
ggs!
@New York Nut Busters GGS!
Banger series
ty king
Ggs bangers
lost a few years off my life with those heart rates lmao
ggs :ahaha:
Any respect I had for you is gone
(mad about being weakside detainee)
Maokai player bedge
Unleash my man Joel
Deserves better than being put on tank duty
Hidiri lied to me zzz
Rift frauds fr
into that? no shot
3 champs that out range malz xd
Bro I was promised a malz jg game and y'all didn't deliver
Kinda fucked up

I gotta say seeing someone with an Elon pfp complaining about not delivering is kinda funny
I’m not saying anything about u just irony
all 4 character names
very satisfying

we've really had 3/4 of our series go the distance
good stuff
@Jar tornado gap real???

ive been saying t hisi king dw
im number 1 tornado gap believer

😔

i will maintain to my dying day that spectres was the team with the best pure power
the number of (x) gaps was insane
i think my team cooked too hard last night
That game 3 draft was spicy I'll give them that
Hoping my team unleashes me top Prayge

ohh lala

updating prediction andromeda 2-0
@Stanley  :)
Lol

dean you have no faith in MVP llol
LMAO
My goat Jonah will perform for 1 game
roster change sways my mind
if it was same roster its 2-1 yall but dont shade alex/pb
Wait what's the roster lmao
😴
dean really put out the craziest jinx ever

updating prediction mvp 2-0 @Stanley  is dying  {Reactions} 😂  [2023/08/27 午後 08:08] mason_jars LMAO
Brain is leaking out his ears
surely yolu can cast from work mason
i am going to die
Surely
dean when 40 seconds aftere draft time:
it was like
2 minutes
maybe tea party next game @Pooza The WIZARD
😢

so alana and stanley didnt switch games  but did switch accounts or ?

ouch
gwen weaksiding and ahri getting a solokill
idk
alana has hands sometimes :/
did andro give side already?
@Jackson we take red
Guys please learn how to play lili lmao this is kinda hilarious
TEAPARTY TIME FINALLY?!>!>!
dont worry ill play lillia
TEAPARTY!!!!!!!!!!!!
ive been booted
i will continue to be irrelevant
alana is relevant in my heart
come over next week
on god?
on god
bring an
on god?
girls night
jonah doesnt count
play strive with me
what
omg im so bad tho
me too dw
ik the game ive mnvr played tho
i havent played in months
theres a new update
wrong channel !
Alana whats the strat behind no items level 1
forgor
4r :(
item acceleration

we want red @Stanley
OK
???
They put Stanley top Alana mid
Yeah alana the goat dean washed
Real
Y'all are sleepin on them but alana will take home most improved this season
They are putting in the work
got it last season xd
pooza is my vote  {Reactions} clean (2)  [2023/08/27 午後 09:50] jeandones predicting
Wasnt it jonah last season?
???
r u high
No it was a question
two szns ago
Ahh okay
was jonah
last szn was me for some reason lol
Bc u were weakside detainee fr fr
You earned it last season lmfao
Punching up against demon top laners
7th ring of hell is constantly laning against plat laners as a silver hardstuck
Woah there, friggin URGOT?
stanley and i are cupid shuffling
Bro why don't I get to play udyr every game wtf
weak champ
duh
So then why don't you let me play bestie that's fucked up
fear.
@Honan are you on drugs lmao I havent gotten udyr a single game yet

ggs MVP
srry but next time we play you guys andromeda
can you please specify
if your role swapping your people
because we got told to make sure our roster was correct for the games
yet you guys were able to swap and werent making custom lobby b efore hand
Bot#8380 up
so we didnt know who was going where until after draft
I believe as long as the roster is correct in terms of who is playing, they don't need to change the roles in roster tool
They should be in the correct spots in lobby though
ok then how about
we make the lobby first
then do draft
that will make it easier lol
You are allowed to change roles in the middle of draft though
-.-
ok
nvm then
I also hate that rule like it is what it is but its dumb
I mean it's allowed in every comp setting for league no
Is there a reason against it besides making it harder to draft against? Flexes are a natural part of drafting, why not flexing players?
No
Are you allowed to just flex players roles in any comp setting
I cant think of any
^
You can lane swap I guess mid match
u can flex champs
I'm pretty sure people just haven't done it lmao I don't think it's banned no?
Bot#8380 hi to be wasting that order shown up properly, yeah o-wash you
exactly yeah
also they do it all the time in pro lmao
Yes it actually is I'm almost 100%
not like crazy amount but it does happen
They lane swap but they don't role swap
I've literally seen teams that are like eliminated from playoff contention role swap 4 fun in LEC
^^^
What's the difference lmao huh
how is lane swapping from minute 0 different from role swapping?
Idk sending a jg player adc I feel is different than mid and top swapping for mu purposes
Thats not rhe same thing
But don't people swap the actual players too
Bot#8380 always looking for kathys
People can sub out mid series
this is part of draft strategy
If that's what you mean but that's not even what was being talked about
🤯
No I mean like when people role swap or lane swap they change the players that are playing the position no
same scrim bot, same
league doesnt have like hard locks on roles
People aren't sending top laners mid on azir
In pro
They're sending mid laners top on azir
the only thing like it is you cant buy jg item if you dont have smite
Its a role swap not a player position swap
but you can take smite even if youre not jg
so like whats the enforcement mechanism
just have someone decide if youre not playing the role
midlane spends too much time top and its a penalty
pick trist mid and go bot at some point
would that be illegal
If I swap the roles of my mid and top laners, what's the difference in looking at draft, picking my top laner their preferred mid champ and vice versa, and then having them lane swap minute 0?
Technically they're still in the correct draft spots but they've picked off meta and lane swapped to better suit their picks?
it just makes draft harder idk thats all
its annoying
yes thats the point
That's a potential strength in ur player draft
this is an intended feature of league of legends draft phase
I think it's super valid to find that annoying
But since it's a tool everyone has access to, I think it's okay
The only riot rule on it is you cant swap champions with less than 20 seconds left
Lame! Let me angle-shoot!
> It would only be a detriment to the swapping team. To the enemy a jungler is still a jungler regardless of what gametag they have. But to that jungler who swapped he lacks the hundreds of matches in practice where they already had defined roles.
I personally think it's a mega dumb advantage given to a team with flexable (especially top/mid players) literally impossible to ban vs
> Yes they can. Fnatic have done it, with sOAZ and Yellowstar going Blitzcrank support and Shen top respectively, and EG have done it, with Froggen and Krepo going Blitzcrank support and Anivia mid respectively.
Not the 9 year old game forum post  {Reactions} 🤣  [2023/08/27 午後 10:51] iya02 yes
Like a team that almost existed this season was Vernon blake
its actually a good thing that teams who have a strength in their roster flexibility are allowed to use that strength
That would be quite literally impossible to ban vs
but its ok
they havent changed the rule in 9 years why would i need to find a newer source ?
Any champs banned would just send the other player to the favorable role that dodged banned
right
I think its toxic
Like omega toxic
and players that can flex roles are higher points for that reason
But it is what it is
Bot#8380 ok but yeah
?
naturally
how would you enforce that
bc they can do it in every game
ban out a players midlaners
I want to see the code that proves this real btw
they pick one of their toplane champs
they move to the toplane after game starts
how long do they have to wait
There are too many messages being sent about this topic lol
cuz like toplane champs go mid and vice versa all the time
if its op and allowed, then they can do it every game, so naturally they will win more games, so they will have higher ratings
its not like
Vernon Blake literally got point locked lmao cuz of how broken it was lmao and they were inting half their games
if(play2roles){points + 2}
literally impossible to ban this guy, they play 4 champions. omega toxic
:stirring:
The system filters it out automatically imo
No they got point locked bc they were mega dumb and tried to fix Vernon pointd
No the draft literally wasn't doable either way no
this is what i meant yeah
His points were low enough to play together they just wanted better players in other roles as well
mason is just tryna start shit lmao
That's on them lmao
players who invest time in learning multiple roles should be allowed to leverage that investment
ok cant u say the same with a one trick then
Wym?
what
like its one of the things that makes this server unique, a lot of "standard rule sets" would bar pooza and iya from playing on the same team, but large elo discrepancy and flexing roles have been core to this server from the beginning
ignoring the fact that other inhouse servers i play in also allow it so idek if i believe the initial claim
players who invest time in learning multiple champions should be allowed to leverage that investment
As in they should be allowed to play their one trick, so they can show off the investment they've made to the game?
so true ...
ok just get rid of draft i guess
i mean will gets to play twitch sometimes
so
before the series starts you pick your champion
Sorry, I am not trying to be antagonizing. I think is someone's got an opinion about systems I'd like to hear them out
Like league draft makes you get good at multiple champs that's the point of the system no?
An you're being really passive aggressive btw
Giga based cam LMAOO
:GigaKsante:
We love good faith arguments
wait wrong gif
Will say the fact that you can do this is what won MVP 2-3 series last season
🍵
ok but everyone knew
way more in advance
like days in advance about the role swaps
as the captain of a team you did this against i can say for a fact no, I didn't
skill issue
^
i'm gonna bong your computer
fuyvck
bomb
Your gonna smoke my pc?
No bonging his pc is way sicker
that's not a bad idea
you'd need to do something about the residue
but could be cool
Yeah I love huffing plastic
this makes me v uncomfortable
Why
Hes cute
isnt that where people play league in korea
WHAT
Huh?
its the whole hand, the uncanny valley feeling, like you caught one of the animorphs almost finishing morphing
pc bang
funny joke
Lol, but he looks like such a polite fellow
he does look like he'd buy me a coffee if he was in front of me at the coffee shop
Exactly
Y'all just beat it on maokai lmao c'mon
werent you in chat pissing yourself over the build
Nope
:glasses:

aint no way you guys are whining about role swapping
Fr :(
its literally allowed in all levels of competitive play
including collegiate, amatuer, and pro...
More importantly I didn’t get yelan
Life sucks
Season discussion moment kekw  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2023/08/28 午前 12:23] papapaleo L
coming here to say that LMAOOOO
L
Better admin than you lil bro it's ok
yes this is more important
Honkai pulls > team format
reading the rules is overrated
genshin*
Much love king @Cam
How many qiqi cons
Same dev same game
yummy qiqi
3
I got yelan 20 pity get fucked bozo
grrrr
💀
i think i can maybe hit pity
if i grind
i havent finished sumeru
xd
My ass who hasn't even went to sumeru city yet
Probably
oof
im like
50 pulls in on pity
need 40 more
honestly ill whale for yelan
its gauranteed
if i dont hit it by sept 5 im just whaling
Yeah you can probably grind u got a whole week, u got welkin?
nah
i only oplay sporatically now
only when new content is out
Yeah fair
cuz the content doesnt get harder so
theres no end game content
The game does have an issue of no content
so im kinda whatever about doing teams and stuff
i can usually 33 star abyss
between 33-36
depending on how cancer it is
i just wanted yelan for my hyperbloom team with kokomi
i want yelan/kokomi/nahida/kuki
Yeah yelan op in those teams
I havent touched genshin in a while
um guys this isnt for season discussion please move this elsewhere
fontaine looks fun
cause of the no content syndrome
Yeah fontaine looks good
maybe I gotta play again lol
Okay I stop talking in this channel now
Sorry kids
Mods*
Kids, mods same thing
Hell yeah
I forgot I had a fuck ton of stardust
Yeah mind aswell use it
@Dean pls knock my item picks, I am still learning, its all helpful honestly (in response to my divine sunder on game 3)
dm me
i think it is not as cut and dry as I made it seem in the cast tbf
but yeah I'm down to explain what i meant
@Pooza The WIZARD
Roger rpger, showering first

&moralleaderboard
Bot#8380 Top 5 Most Moral Members Name - Moral Points: Jar - 3269 Will - 148 Sean - 63 Leila - 38 An - 32 List updates everyday when I consult the universe.
YO LFG

Game into podcast angle tonight?
im canceling the  pod
yea probably
Yippie
this is how mtb feels
that's cap and you know it
kathy is in the background doing something else, Garrett is the grandpa you need to lead around (but who secretly has a long and storied career as a secret ops), and I'm the troublemaker. Jacob has sick days so he isn't there frequently and you left out our other goated subs smh
waiting for side
put it in tentatively
it can swap
pls
but we can change the roles 🙂
no shit sherlock
n players
thats what tentatively means 😭
also get blake out of your call wtf
spectator
not on your team
theres a stream for a reason tm  {Reactions} spectres (2)  [2023/08/28 午後 08:56] Scrim Bot#8380 ich bin fiora udyr is optimal
so true!
dude yes!!
who's been feeding the bot german
@Spectres side select is due
they chose blue
blue
rosters updated from both teams?
should be updated, i put ours in and see metabusters
cool!
ty
it's monday
!
stop the count
i am locked out of discord
give me a few minutes so this dogshit app can catch up
@Alana who you rooting for bestie
im fixed
❤️
ornn ban zzzzzzzz
"ich bin fiora udyr" is optimal - english sentence quoting german ich bin "fiora udyr is optimal" - german sentence quoting english
bro mason is cringe why does he need jungle counterpick?
arent u studying linguistics
its for the flex imo
yeah
thats rly cool
genuinely
where nexus blitz fan
yeah!!!!!!!!!!!
preach
alternatively
i am fiora, udyr is optimal
swapping language midsentence

uh
season discussion...?
huh
are we delaying draft for stream to catch up?
not sure?
sounds like it
think so yeah
that's fine if so just let us know
we'll start when dean tells us
sounds good
its up to you guys
we don't care to wait for the content angle  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2023/08/28 午後 09:54] 8.013 heat
start w/e
who has what side
or just do 10
we're red
same sides
we're good for draft when you r
r
r
r

dean spectres fanboy
that's why he rigged it so we'd fight them on not full roster and before we scaled as a team

noam dif
ggs
ggs ❤️
ggs! @Spectres
OH MY GOD
ggs
Mason said he's retiring
LOL
old man hands or smth
@Jar come on in papa
come join me in emerald
its joever
gg wp guys
spectres tonight
LMAOOO
ggs man u have given me something to shoot for
peaked plat 4 playing mid jg carried me to dia
already looking forward to the rematch, thought you played well! my whole team was smurfing. makes it easier to look good  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2023/08/28 午後 10:51] camdotzip i think u got hit by a naaf q2 like
twice?
fresh shoes or what
i will make the rematch more interesting gg
ggs

not the runback
boo womp u stole our style
metabusters 2-1 andro 2-1  {Reactions} andromeda (3)  [2023/08/29 午前 12:09] mason_jars @Dean
dont recite the scrolls when we were there to write them lil bro
im playing 600 games before the series xd
wild
i have all 3 days off before the series xd
RS 2-1  someone 2-1
probably mtb
LOL
but its close

Mason wage gapped
I cry
Dean really doesn't want to see us succeed ong frfr

Alana really said scoo - awlogy
I cringed so hard
schoo - low  - gee
its in low ...
no mason
sadge

does he know (how to give captain correct availability)
yes
:pain:
you're so real for that

Alana is my number 1 fan and for that I appreciate you queen

Oh lord, my mans is liver king natty 😭
That's a body by keto diet  {Reactions} 😂 (2)  [2023/08/29 午前 09:12] valormvp Vegan protein only.  {Reactions} clean  [2023/08/30 午後 01:14] camdotzip DEAN HAS BEEN TAKEN OUT !!! POST GENERAL IN SEASON-DISCUSSION !!!!  ¡¡ VIVA LA REVOLUCION !!  {Reactions} 😂  [2023/08/30 午後 01:14] jeandones …

Oh hey big man what's up  {Reactions} 😂 (2)  [2023/08/30 午後 01:15] jeandones They are forcing the power companies to work in the hurricane I guess lol

Dean didn’t get hurricane difffed
RS stock saved

what if it comes back
It turns around
Forgot its phone
A hurricane taking out dean would be the best thing for the team
the team meaning your team
Nah, Dean worst adc on rift sharks roster :^3
bro is smoking crack lmao
Nah

Thanks to guma, adc players are jus my lil eggs from now on
Now just imagine they called u the worst *egg*

Haha i took u out
Thats what u get dean
No power for u
Ur about 4 days too late on this one :pain:

i dont read this every second  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2023/09/03 午後 05:17] plainbagel26 Is there stream for game tonight?

If someone can take my place in signups yes
Podcast Tuesday this week btw

That’s cool, have a good Labor Day

Ty! It’s mostly b/c the games are still happening thru Tuesday lol
yessir

@Caesarius @Valor make sure rosters are in
and side select is due in 1 minute
When i clicked ur link it wont let me change it but this is the roster we are running
@Dean
if you put that in and hit save rosters it should update
its possible both of yall changed at the same time
@Valor roster needs to be in and we need side select
@Dean  i got it now ❤️
@Masked Valoran Pirates side select?
@Valor ???????????
due 7 minutes ago
red
thought i said already
spc can have up to 10 mins from now for draft as needed
???
lmk what time yall want
Logan
lego like 8:50
can't play games while waiting lol
cant be after 8:48
but we can do 8:48
848 fine
dawg im playing runescape ❤️
thats racist  {Reactions} ❓ (3)  [2023/09/03 午後 08:43] valormvp whose sending link?
you
okayy

@Avery WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU???
Not my top
listen sometimes big men gotta do what the lil men won't
Ornn I sleep
still got 1-2 games we'll be alright
Gl in ur games guys should be fun series
ty
@Heroic hit em with the icy hot dragon breath lmfao

9:30

@Valor We select redside
ight want me to make the link or you got it?
and time?
10:20
i can link
kk

@Valor avery power tripped hes reloging
Fyi, pause on start

can someone send me postgames for signups game 2 and all games for team format ?
ty :)
ggs to everyone banger games tn!
"Life has many door Ed boy."

We can't be stealing our swag like this tho
Every masterpiece has its cheap copy

real

Oh wait y'all dead ass did this meme in March I see now. Hm. Well. Back to the drawing board Ed boy

Nah I fr thought that was the joke LOL
Mad funny
Its OK you weren't gonna be able to finish it anyways when you lose next week
No drawing board require I gottchu bro

Beef !
YOOOOOOO TAXI CAST
@Noam we will take red side game 1  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/04 午後 02:29] nomulus did dean get on you for not sending it earlier for last series lmao
I did not
appreciate the early heads up tho

r u posting draft and what time
Would prefer if you make busy at this second
@Noam
done
draft at 6
its cylako
not iya i changed it
made a mistake
HOW
take it up with our overlord @Dean
2 starters from last season
i thought that already gets factored
now the points are always locked at 95 on website
no*
hey im not 6 anymore  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2023/09/04 午後 05:55] carrotburrito W  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2023/09/04 午後 05:56] valormvp I mean I can prolly bench for pooza game 1 till we hear from dean
until dean weighs in i think that's fine
@Dean @Dean @Dean
whats fine pooza in or this roster
pooza
Yeah I don't think we can allow illegal rosters
my boy W
uless both teams agree I believe
i agree then
Boo
boom
as a member of both societies i agree for both parties
coin flip
Yes I am just confused how 97 is illegal for a team with two starters from the previous season sicne we should be allowed an extra point each
last season everyone aws given 5 points
bc first season where we keep teams
baseline is 90
yeah baseline is 90 and you get bonuses after that i think
^
do both
we have 4 starters tho from last season
so we get 94 no?
thats not it
ah we at 95 points tho with this
no
i think noam found something he's gonna post it?
they are saying everyone is allowed 95 but I was told we get 1 extra point for each player we kept from last season is what I am saying.
thats fine
no
starts at 90
if you don't go for 95
so we at 94 points then
rip
also
if the website says yes
this comp puts 95
Bot#8380 her life
@Valor is pooza subbing for you or jackson?
then yes
if it says no
then no
for me
wait can i be worth 8
theres no way im worth 9
No carrot
:missing:
stressful enough just whatever im benched
LMFAO
wait so what's your roster
fix roster tool then we good then
bro you're like the same rank as me and 20 poitns less
already
cuz ive been hardstuck 1 win from plat
it is accurate
like 10 games + by now 1 win off
o ok
they meant put the correct team in
i think
oh I thought they means the team validity page
nvm then
i edited the page
roster tool
ty king
all good and finished
we start when?
6:08?
@Cylako
@nom join our call
@Noam
valor would count as 4 points right? and me and jackson count as 1 for a total of 96
valor has only played on MVP for 2 seasons
bc it has only existed for 2 seasons
teams just started
guys its solved
stop
alright
this is the second season
I had it wrong thats on me sorry for the confusion
yeah nvm tohught
nothing but love king
❤️
love u
too busy destroying my brain in confusion
let's just start draft at 6:10
does that work for everyone?
valor type who is where again
@Taxi good for you guys too?
yea
jokes on u guys we dont even know whos is playing for yall
get rekt
taxi and gruer read chat challenge: impossible
Taxi can’t read cuz he is Texan
@Caesarius this one for you king
LILLIA!!!!!
@Casters who we inviting\
notasmurfpt2
number 3
perish
iuts patching
ME CAGO DE SUENO
JAJAJAJA
SUEÑO!!!
i dont have a fancy keyboard
numb 4 for me  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/09/04 午後 06:21] mason_jars @Alana which skin
spirit blossom
ur so uwu pilled
if u have it
not a shenhai scrolls believer
I FORGOT AB THAT SKIN
use that one
just start it
i can join later
use spirit blossom game 3 tho
as long as spectators are enabled
(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻
do you have any of us friended
someone needs to fgriend me oops
i sent one
┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ)
please leave the table

as long as (psycho or jackson) and pooza are in *any* other 3 players from mvp can play
tldr
if bar turn green team is ok if it doesnt its not

(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/09/04 午後 07:01] valormvp I’m in adc Cylako is jungle everyone else stay
give us 5 then pls
we draft 7:05
@Noam m what were you scared top bud?
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
no cam was scared mid \:)
on god
likely story
(noam's fear may have contributed)  {Reactions} 😂 (2)  [2023/09/04 午後 07:02] nomulus i prepped to play against you and last second cam sends me to 1v9 againt heroic mid  {Reactions} 😂  [2023/09/04 午後 07:03] poozathewizard well, it worked
and i didnt much appreciate it
i just wanted to pet that dog
valor back.... mi cabro..
No hablo español amigo ^^^ (explain in English plz)
you guys play soraka?
gesundheit
goddamnit
thats like a year long streak gone
surely the soraka main doesnt play soraka
they main soraka?
and no one told me?
TT
the information is publicly available lmfao
kathys soraka is genuninely op
lulu and soraka  fucking GOD player
thats our PRESIDENT!

we take red
can u make link still por favor?
and ok king

Why did someone other than me lock in Miss Glasc?
@Dean move to spec pls
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ draft
qiyana monka w
dont look
i cannot guarantee results

GG @Masked Valoran Pirates
gg
GG
lol
this season has us eating good
next time we meet, ill pet that dog  {Reactions} metabusters  [2023/09/04 午後 09:04] mason_jars ggs team
its my washed era
Gg to both teams. Super fun series to cast
can't wait to watch it back ||with my pint of ice cream (tastes better when it's salted with my tears)||  {Reactions} 😂  [2023/09/04 午後 09:07] taximanvevo fun series cast
Good casting too 👍
SOLID CASTING GUYS
LOVE U ALL
u clear and roam so fast with it
yeah i wanted to go full assassin that game
lethality and electrocute
u shouldve that build u did is gross
i think anyways
cylako i love you
but your idea of good/bad builds is second only to carrot  {Reactions} 😂 (2)  [2023/09/04 午後 09:21] nomulus ❤️
i love you too. ❤️ AND TRUE

Bro my builds are peak
Eon is cringe and overrated, half of prowlers users are bruisers, and Duskblade is a poorly designed item and should return to being invis
andromeda sweep tn :andromeda:
Fr
Idk who’s on the team or who you’re playing but ur not specters so I believe  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/09/05 午前 09:58] jeandones Psycho carrot credentials: - Spectres Hater - Predicted Jhin Support

- cracked racist pyke
love u bae
@Dean babygurl do u know ur roster tn :) if u wanna tell me :) if not thats okay but our roster is the usual :) if that helps :)
Think that gif belongs in #pet-pics  :clueless:
dean i'm literally in your walls
No that’s lizards
The lizards are in my walls
real ?
real???
I’m not sure
They run at the walls really fast and then disappear so either they have the greatest jukes of all time or they are in my walls
what the fuck?
Masterful dodging of the question, sire
:)
autism erasure
close enough tho
alana (innocent child) just wanna know roster ;3
Does that affect your focus?
I didn’t want to assume :pain:
YEa Lol
awh
shawty so concerned
:party_blob:
what
DAMN IT
you are ownar ?  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/09/05 午前 10:09] jeandones I told Stanley our roster Friday night if he forgor that’s on him unfortunately
me
real
Me hoping that blue side has a 100% winrate tonight so that I can use Stanley’s game logger tool
LMFAO
If red wins it doesn’t work
maybe just make it work
?
god decrees red shall not win
Tell ur captain to fix it
Pls Ty
he said its ur fault for using it
LMFAO
that is a jk
thats so fucking blurry
sounds like your ownar
Sad!

You could change your gamelogger to accept a False value for BlueWin too :isforme:
Using a boolean to determine which of 2 teams wins: cringe, out-dated, basic, trite  Having 2 booleans to say which team won and which team didnt: cool, hip, un-thought of, the new wave
?
No it's not 2 booleans
It's if  BlueWin has a value blue wins
If there is no BlueWin in the Json red wins
Reminder we are in #season-discussion
:(
It affects the season because today's games determine the booleans
So true …. :horny:
SORRY DEAN
I hope you can forgive me 🙏
Jacob narc confirmed
damn
Don't tell them you're playing next week \:)
thanks boo tho
omg snitch
dean this is fucked up
true they'll never expect my zed support
Schrödinger’s roster
Jacobs maokai goes crazy
certainly this is an opinion you hold and not the opposite...
No it's okay if he gasses up your mao maybe they ban that instead of 5 ban mason
If I’m banning mao it’s masons ban
Surely 🌝
Not gonna ban it for me?
You play it?
Dean do you know any champs that I don't play?
Yuumi
(She’s really bad)
Low blow
Pre rework
True!
It's okay I'll pull it out top lane and gigagap Joel
@Hidiri what do u have to say to these allegations
You mean mid right? 😂
Dude he’s got you there
I'm hoping that was a one time thing 😔
Noam’s greatest fears: - not playing a champ - pooza  {Reactions} 😂 (3)  [2023/09/05 午前 11:27] redloheb_ Lmao
This is canon
What does "not playing a champ" mean
Second one is on point though
I have been Pooza's number 1 fan since the signup I played against him and no one believed me  {Reactions} teemothumbs  [2023/09/05 午前 11:28] jeandones You say you play every champ
There being a champ u don’t play is scary to u
^
Where Noam Zilean
I've never seen it
So true
Ohhh
Okay low-key I used to main zilean
Solid period (2 weeks or so) where he was my instalock
Ok where Noam briar huh
noam seraphine
top  {Reactions} 🤭  [2023/09/05 午前 11:41] nomulus True my bad 😔
Five nights at hidiri's
Perfect response
Lmao

zilean onetrick for 2 weeks is so fucked up
how so
playing zilean  {Reactions} 🌝  [2023/09/05 午後 01:08] nomulus i enjoy making players of the champs you tend to play angy
they should make a support champ that has literally no damage
no autos no damaging abilities

So like a new version of yuumi? Just perma buffs another player
or a bunch of cc

The community would hate this
league players hate everything who cares
ban it.

@Stanley if league still isnt working at 8 how long r u willing to delay?
id like to wait until at least 8:30 but no longer than 9 imo
were def fine
to wait until 9
idk about rest of team but i'm fine delaying for a bit
thats not even late enough for stanley to take his vitamins
i don't need to be up early tomorrow
all of us go to bed at like 1
It has too much agency, they just stick to their hyper carry and all of a sudden their effectiveness is amplified it makes NO SENSE

@Andromeda @Rift Sharks im in!
we were going on smite
i am only casting 2 games if it starts at 9 \:)
looks like servers are back up
wait fr
am i godly
yes
i am not in
bow down to your new overlord
nvm
im in
this is now a Mossad staging server
get mossad  on
if you have at any time conspired against the state of Israel or any of her sovereign allies, you will be ruthlessly hunted down and strongly encouraged to join the Jewish cabal with every power at my disposal
namely rugelach and falafel

@Dean @Stanley are both your teams in roster tool
with side?
no
lmk when
rosters are good
side is not ?
@Stanley its due now :)
red
🟥 \
can u make draft links
you have side select its literally your job
since when
i'll make them if you guys are lazy jeez
no ill make
ill just complain about it
oh NOAM DID it
he';s so cool...

1 game for stanleys logging tool
side?
red
32k turret damage from ziggs :ShockedZeri:
ill make links
@Gruer casting !!!!! My heart <3  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/09/05 午後 10:01] jeandones ggs andromeda <3 :andromeda:

ggs
@Noam HATES US PUT HIM ON THE STOCKS WTF
ggs
#1 RIFT SHARKS HATER CHOOSES TO CAST OUR GAME
ggs
ggwp
@Alana I'm very upset about that 1v2
too bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
😭
maybe u shouldnt have locked out ur amazing wife?
It's true
Karmic justice
2 dubs for stanleys logging tool
"close btw"
noam ???
what r u cookin
dean you're so mad
dean so mad and for what 😦
i said i wanted a 3 game series for entertainment value
and he goes all babyrage wahwah googoogaga
you know for what!
i think he spelled it out pretty clearly
silence an you're the queen of babyrage
🙂
bro this series was not that close
consider who is mad here
that game 1 was a blow out
ur so mad we won its insane
surely
and game 2 was not close post 10 minutes even with 2 nash steals
Baked or Based  Noam          ---
ur not even on that team bro
game 2 was super close you guys are delusional
not as close as game 3 vs mvp
literally
closest series
name of
2-0
one of which wasnt a blowout
okay
Bot#8380 for my weezer blue side 3 lost the best
you guys are right
u wanna believe we're fluking so bad
i will retire as caster!
real
real!
No Noam we love you
Well
I love you
I officially tender my resignation \:)
good thing i wasn't slated for any other casts that would've been awkward
Noam resigned! :bro:
As a "scrim zone fan" I liked your cast, as a "rift sharks member" I am obligated to hate it
to be clear
@Noam  <3
moral of the story: there is a "man" with a "hook"!
People people, it was a great series! Super fun to cast!!   Doesn’t matter anyway, you’re all losing to Spectres in the end 😎  {Reactions} ❤️ clueless spectres  [2023/09/05 午後 10:19] nomulus I'm only human and it's possible for me to make mistakes
Recency bias made me think the series was close even though game 1 was admittedly not that close
Sorry if I seemed biased, was not my intention
Props to Andro for keeping it a fun and competitive series and props to Rift Shark for the plays and a solid win
i think the take is that we were already a little memey after the "unfortunate 2-0 from rift sharks" when we kinda wanted to hear like "solid" or "dominant" or "fun" and then saying it was the closest series when it was a 2-0 kinda felt bad especially when theres lots of adrenaline going on
all of us feel this way
I never said it was the closest series
it was meant to be some funny banter apologies that it was a bit one sided
I said it was close for a 2-0 or at least that's what I intended to say \:(
ah
mistranlation communication gap
cite: scrims reading comprehension
this is my second language D:
i mean as a said i dont think any of us have real beef with your casting just feels a little sadge to not have you popping off after we clutched the game ig
which is like
genuinely not an issue
we will be better in the future :prayge:
I genuinely thought the game was super hype and the clutch was insane; I think my voice did not communicate that well since I started losing it middle of game 1
im still just a cat donut sundae?  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/09/05 午後 10:31] jeandones Podcast might be a bit late - man’s gotta eat

mason lying
dean biased
?
@Gruer
this is true if you only watch after 20 mins
and ignore a few hooks

Yeah guys you should let the Shojin champ thorugh!!!!!!!!!!!
Anchor live first :)

I just wanna throw it out there, I didn't expect to do that much damage to cam, neither did my team, so my mind was blown as well lol

cam didnt either lmao

Based

If you're talking ab the solo kill game 3 I have no idea what you put in those ghouls but they mixed my shit 😭
Yeah that had everyone shook 😂
The secret is creatine, lots and lots of Creatine
Helps... water retention..... makes you look.... jacked....
Nah those mf are definitely on something anabolic  {Reactions} 😂  [2023/09/06 午前 11:59] nomulus Serylda plus BC goes brr

@Dean thanks for the shoot out in the podcast king, much appreciated
yk how everyone was the biggest fan of mike last season? this season is pooza
were all pooza pilled  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/09/06 午後 03:40] 8.013 this also might have just been andromeda. @Cam @Daev and i are all mike enjoyers
i appreciate all the support
hype train forever my goat
yall make me feel like a modern day gladiator lol

Nah I love Mr RengargleMyNuts
Just wanted to shout out a new + active player

what promoted this
the reading devil won again

There is room for both of them
In our hearts
All time head to head between the ecouple ....
Going to see the 22nd + 23rd games tn
(i think?)

LETS GO NYNB!!!
this is so devious i love it
you perform better when against an and she performs worse against u but still has a winning record
im just too good
calling us an ecouple is so foul we're literally together irl rn
key matchup for "midlane" but both players only have one champion for that role in their top 5 and even that is a flex for their other role :kekw:
oh
i like
wrote some code to generate a custom thing and forgot to remove midlane LMAO
that's definitely forced no
right
:ppheart:

If your a couple that uses the Internet you become E-couple
Also let's go NYNB!! I believe!!
whos fp tn
or rather
who gets side select
Bot#8380 dean
oh okay
Admins know the rules challenge impossible
Everyone hates us
Was he right
He was not
He was like closer than he had any right to be
For future reference:
any time!
😈
me neither, I could not fall asleep until like 4 am because of The Storm™️
Why does everyone hate rift shark…
Former nynb player
Gonna support the brothers
You are justified
Stanley?!??!
I don’t understand :(
stanley loves us

nothing but opps for the goat sharks
the hate us cuz the aint us
nynb is just old russycats
*better
hey
:airwick:

I root for the underdog

That’s fair

I need to study you guys bc we play you wed

So stream?

wtf is 9:08.5
confusion
9:08
ignore the .5
i am sorry
LMAO
30 second mark
on the DOT !
dean clicked wrong link
is oki
we godge now
@An ??????????????????????????????
crocinidile
FIGHTING !

@Russ Did you see my Nautilus hook like, phase through you there?
No
Or do I just have brain disease and miss
mmm
might be latter
but I have no idea what you are refrencing
sry for typing btw
just thought the trap was funny
in that last fight under your mid inhib tower
was not my intention to cause problems
an too mean to me
Bot#8380 yeah but also has a ixtal +26 - 25
you hit it?
side?
But it like phased through your body
mmmmmmmmmm i think i'm tiredge
mb
go bedge :)
@New York Nut Busters side select?
red
Red
kk
you got links or should i do it
you go?
:)
R?
Bot#8380 zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  {Reactions} 💀 (4) skullandroid (2) kittyskull andromeda  [2023/09/09 午後 09:56] barisaxxy FUCKED UP
yes
Zzz indeed scrim bot
Dean is still white man gaslighting me
we the girlies!!!

red
10:50
@Taxi it's jg lmao
Hidiri has played it befor
Fighting!
@Taxi it is kat adc lmao
@Taxi ornn items used to have a set list to upgrade into, first item from that list in your inventory is the one that gets upgraded

not like this
ggs :D
@Rift Sharks gg!
ggs!
LMAO
no one look
gg's!
@New York Nut Busters ggs!
🤡
@Olaf (Erik O.) 👈  POINT AND LAUGH !
:c
erik knows what team he is on ....
ggwp everyone
ggs!
I can't flame because we won
Bot#8380 yea
clearly with all the kills stolen............
joel does not like top lane champions
? lol
@Hidiri brother I need you to locate liandries torment in the shop for me
Can you prove that you know where that item is located in the shop
I promise brother you win 20 mins earlier
Why would you torment taxi like that smh
but the dmg
So if you read what liandries does right
It does more damage vs their team
Thoughts?
me thinks i like purple
Ggs tho fun series to watch
tyty
@Daev sick brand game 2 btw lmao
^^^
fr
i fucking hate that champ lmao
I'm retired \:)
hehe
(also miss forutne was the worst pick of all time)
RS game 2 draft stays real
(i predicted this on podcast)
deans got the fifth sense...........
which regular one is he missing
Bot#8380 my ruined a twitter on the right
DO NOT BUILD LUDENS ON KARTHUS
@Jar
okay I haven't watched games yet and don't even know their draft
but isn't Ludens dog on jungle Karthus anyway
hey are they gonna say im wrong after that performance
if they have even a single tank?
okay I will watch later and form my own opinions \:)
ngl i forgor about that item and i play in korean so #not my fault
okay yes that is entirely your fault LMAO
I just checked the draft
Ludens is almost always bis if you’re only ap on the team
Or at least that’s what my challenger friend told me like a year ago
based
I mean ur into 5 bruisers with hp stacking lmao no way ludens is bis there on karthus
h8tr
my taliyah items set got forced over
Xd

I don’t rly think it matters you just end up doing true damage basically
Idk depends
I think the way fights played out favored liandries too
Raka giving extra hp bars boosts liandries value alot no
And haste
I don't think anyone said that
this guy did
I initially ranked you 5th
Then upped you to 4th after 1 week
Our average placement in power rankings was 3/4 so i guess i cant complain that much
its funny to push the everyone say we suck narrative
My personal vendetta to see Dean fail has fallen apart oh no
although this is definitely the An influence
it's not
ok ceo of comedy
thanks king
also p sure if you went against anyone other than us youd be 1-3, just saying :3
really padding that kda D:
Daev is buying into RS sucks narrative gigachad
That's my former sub
^
im a metabusters fan
:0
Maybe *this* is the RS sucks narrative
Damn this got meta
stop it you're not repping the team correctly smh
Hehe
see like id agree with this except i think yall are actually not a bad team
overhated 100%
This got... busting
?
its rough with no Adam I think but him and your synergy is really good

Taxi says NYNB busts metas more than us but they kinda copied our tank mid pick kinda fishy idk

its ok im not a coward like hidiri
Okay Taxi for sure talked way more trash about his own team this series than I did last time but I don't hear anyone saying biased
This is why I am Dean's number 1 hater
"Uncurable illnesses that can't be stated on twitch" Taxi is my goat fr

The randomly selected 4 minutes of your stream were more biased than the hour I watched of his
Sample size isn’t real
This is my fault don’t shade hidiri for it

im the progenitor you cannot take away the malz jg

Just means you need to up your game

i wasnt biased for anything other than ludens :)
I wasn;t biased for anything \:)

Taxi's cast got me sick
I'm dying
NO ITS ACTUALLY INTERNET TRANSMUTATED VIRUS
I SWEAR I GOT IT FROM MIKE

bro was dying earlier lmao what did you give him

gamer aids
istg if Taxi gave me COVOL (covid but online) I'll be omw to Texas tomorrow instead of teaching my lab
Wait how long u gonna be in Texas xd
depends on how long it takes for me to get Taxi's address from Blake
eh you only have to be there for the first 5 minutes
ez trip after
were gonna be down a player
Andromeda believers in chat?
Not another Dean solo cast zzz
Not my fault
Only get one this week tho b/c we are playing twice
you should hop in
ceo of wage slavery veto'd it sorry
@Gruer just cast while you play!
LOL
rest of the league could use the handicap js

when stream 😠
I’m eating …
(am also eating...)

side?
@Andromeda
we take red  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/10 午後 10:25] plainbagel26 ggs

@PB gg's!
@Andromeda gg's!
gg
not ggs but its okay
we cope
gonna make voodoo dolls of gruer and avery
XD
Caesarius has been quietly popping off in the jungle this season
alana malding in season-discussion
please keep it to general
:nodean:
Dean hates Spectres confirmed
i tried to throw u off my scent by sending in my minion
wtf
hehehehe
im terrified of bean  {Reactions} 💯  [2023/09/10 午後 10:31] camdotzip no sane person's discord profile includes the word "bean" 6 times
My goat knows what items are good on lili
@Jar ty ty, roa great for levelz
@Sarvaris :isforme:
i cant sorry
wasnt in the games
hes my goat truly

❤️

Wise words from an Even friggin wiser man cup! TONIGHT, YOU!

@Noam surely you haven't benched yourself 😲  ?
I thought you said you were done
wdym
ig you could just roleswap away from top and still play
nvm
brain not workin
i will play whatever role makes it most likely for my team to win
oh **I** said you were retiring
oops
if i have to exile myself to the island i will.
im just making shit up apparently
my number one hater could never
i dont hate you
just think you look better in other roles tm
it's okay Rex has been coaching me ™️
(don't look at my match history I haven't played since last series)
lying on main for which purpose
oh wait forgot we played in house 5v5
my fever addled brain confusd that for a series
think i will take a page out of Adam's book and start playing samira top
how many baked or based takes do you have @Dean

Unsure
Can’t hurt to have extra

When pod live? 😄
ask mason zzzzzzz
Is he asleep again
baldurs gate diff
LMAOOO

Dean thinks Alana beats me top? 😭
Dean thinks everyone beats me top actually that's not a surprise
transitive property
pooza beats u and she beats pooza
pooza didn't beat me he out side laned me no?
I was even or ahead in lane that whole game

we laned against each once out three matches, to get a better call on this, we'll find out when we meet again this season
yessir

Pooza Noam grudge match  {Reactions} 😂  [2023/09/12 午前 08:59] secretlysecret Event of the century

I can't tell if its better or worse that you're right...
I was like 90% confident that was you
From how on I will submit one take per baked or based
and they will have to guess which one is mine
wait how many did you submit this time?
just 1
ah okay

@Dean not the reference to when i was sent poppy top against maokai in the pod LMAOO
that was funny tho lmao
it was p funny

banger pod as usual fellas
Do you watch on YouTube or listen on anchor xd
We have 2 total anchor listeners but I’m not sure which 2 ppl they are
And idk if they listen on anchor or Spotify
yt
LMAO

If I open pod video on YT, like it, then scrub through until the end, does it count as me watching the whole video?
That’s a question for Susan but I’d guess not
You can see the statistics right
Does it show that one person watched 5 minutes then clicked away lol
I mean it would only count as 5 mins of watch time yeah
No like
I did this yesterday
I’m not using my lunch break to look at YouTube analytics
Fair enough xd
yeah you tell him Dean
your time is valuable
real
Yea instead he's using his lunch break to tell you on discord that he's not looking at youtube
:)
Slay dean queen 💅

jacob killing all his favorite youtube channels by only giving them half watchtime on each video
I kill them by using add block, not by watching at 2x
you should use a browser extension to watch at 2x by repeatedly skipping every other frame so it only counts as half watchtime
that's a hilarious idea
i second this
those greedy greedy youtubers trying to double-count the time i spend on them
the time jacob spends on them
i watch videos at regular speed cuz im regular but if theyre the kind of person who attracts a FREAK like jacob to their videos they deserve to have their stats reflect this
what's wrong with watching videos sped up
need you ask......
yeah cuz i do it too
did jacob influence you in this
i only have so long to watch things so i support my fav creators on high speed \:)
uhh
or are you both just special in the same special ways
idk if i influenced him or he influenced me
maybe that
pretend i like said something funny
about this being the case
💀
you should uhh play nami
or something
not season discussion material btw
i am mini dean
this is season discussion im discussing two players
and telling u to play a champion thats season discussion
"noam top lane is dumb bench him or switch roles"
"my team is so fun and cool and not boring to watch we definitely don't pick the same 3 champs every game :))"
"i think will best adc in the server (not exaggerating or hyperbole)"
"spectres v rift sharks most anticipated series of all time"
there is only 1 champion i have played more than once
"an is my favorite jungler bc when she is up into a bad matchup i can move her mid and let her play her funny top lane champs"
u cant blame me for this one
definitely an everyone else is wrong situation
toplane champs are fun but toplane is a role for psychos, midlane is fun but midlane champs are either snooze-inducing or turbo coinflip
just play top champs mid
easy
Neurodivergence slander on main is cray cray girlie
an literally hates me bc i am not neurotypical
Ong brother
Preach
if it was up to her i would be sent to gulag in game
youre going to turn me into sasuke
am sick
ill play top champs jg
tryndle time
im down
gwungle buffs dont look giant but if it turns out good
aatrox jg happened to me once ill play it
i was a garen jg enjoyer back in the day
ive been known to pull out the cho
jax
morde
ryze has happened
teemo obv
i wonder what urgot jg is like
boring
akali jung is where it's at
and samira
i dont want to think about the akali jg clear
she has enough issues with waves
no it's good trust :copium:
It might be better now with the q changes xd
actually true
we should try it tomorrow
that is such a way for the images to display
it works like that too though LOL
im cool.
we're cool.
No you don't understand udyr is a super based and cool vhamp
you did this to me
You are an individual with free will bestie idk
your nefarious influence.......
spreading udyr like a disease
There are better champs sis idk
sounds like something the soy jack would say

theres a tf on one of thoise teams
how can we be broing no one has the balls to play bangarang ludens one shot tf in scrims (the champ is very bad)
I’ve literally played a different champion every game
?
Name of: we didn’t have 2 solo laners on the team
Surely we can come up with accurate quotes when slandering me
"i take noam jokes personally my team is the victim I am dean"
"noam is the most biased former caster because he wanted a longer series"
This was “im mini dean” and then you said stuff I wouldn’t say
well obviously
This was no longer an attack on my team….
youre not mini dean
different guy
Oh true
Mini dean has severe brain damage
That’s why he’s so small
i do!
i'm fluctuating between 101 fever and 97 not fever
simply unleash my man joel
His renekton goes crazy
true
weve played like 35-40 unique champs I think there can be reasons we are boring yes but its not our champ pools
okay i sorry dean
wait actually interesting point
what team has played the most unique champs
Nynb if i had to hip spray
Yeah probably lmao
sounds accurate
Spc - 29 (9 games), 3.222222 per game
i was gonna check to procrastinate on hw
but seems like dean is doing it
start from beginning of alphabet
ill get rs and nynb
ok
there isn't a way to sort by team right
RS - 42 (11 games), 3.818 per game
no im just scrolling up the game list
and counting new champs
ah
NYNB - 34 (9 games), 3.77777 per game
Andromeda - 27 (9 games), 3 per game
which r u doing next
ill do the las to ne
mtb
MTB - 28 (8 games), 3.5 per game
MVP - 36 (12 games), 3 per game
So we are just indisputably the most varied champ pools
i rescind my statement
i honestly thought i might be wrong and we suck but
nah
same draft different champs :copium:
yes yasuo comp = nilah comp = traditional kr comp = early game renek + bruisers comp = roam heavy tf comp = hyperscale risky kayle ezreal comp = 1-3-1 fiora akali comp
seem all the same to me
tbh
yeah that's what i said
to be fair a lot of those were terrible and a result of the game 2 brain virus
but theres a shitton of variety in our drafts
okay rift sharks game 2 is pretty hype
just because of how chaotic it can be
you love to see us lose!
we are 0% wr with me in Game 2 and 100% wr without me in game 2
maybe i just sub myself for game 2s
we are also 0% wr after winning the game before
i feel like we feel the need to switch something up cuz "we need to adapt" but in reality we won the previous game and maybe we dont need to change anything until its proven to us that we actually have to
no its that i always leave after game 1 to eat dinner so we never plan draft
LOL
that could be true.........
Could I politely ask people to stop gassing up my renekton?
It has had literally zero game impact outside of toplane
Ur renekton sucks
Thank you
understood. youre on renata duty from now on
the third gif when you look up carrot is uhhh something
No post?
Renata top duty? I remember someone saying it was amazing
🙂
In my own personal defense, I think my champs are cool!
:D
rs literally playing the widest variety of champs
facts dont care abt ur feelings
Against ToS
I think you're cool too
YIPPEE
Which is why you're gonna convince Dean to not ban out my jungler tomorrow right
\:)
uhhhhhhh
it's okay
just leave the rest of our champs open
Surely I can influence the draft
gg you know why
Sorry doing my taxes or smth
LMAO
let me draft
we will never lose again
put dean on yuumi duty is based
^
mason get's his rizz back
I will have to do my anonymous shooter proud
Also baked or based def needs an audience vote
Idfk what that means
But
would that be range?
wait NVM
that would be huge
4000 units per whatever to 5000 units
bolts move faster
ohhhhhh
WAIT
is what i am assuming
I thought it meant attack speed
less ghost bullets
I WILL NO LONGER
MISS
AUTOS
wow thats actually pretty good
Bot#8380 are just make her could keep around with roster for most games my arm for regionals here
i mean its only 25% faster :(
it’s so over
Azir r probably still fucks it
But like an akali with ms boost used to be able to just walk away
Praying this helps

has janna ever been played in scrims?
all champs have
i believe all champs have 4 or more times actually
you have played her twice other people have played her 16 times
crazy
was  thinking abt her cuz lor
she got an insane coven skin for that game
IF ONLY IT WAS ON LEAGUE
what abt briar :trolle:
oh wait is she out
not until tmrw right?
think so
figured id get an's bit in before she does

woman after my own heart
Dang I didnt even play this week and I am put in the based category
the exact 50/50 proves the character isnt broken
worlds most average adc

Doubt
:)

@Noam side?
and roster after
Red
Mason is
afk
so we'll lyk 🙂
pick one
Red
you cant really wait bc that would just delay draft
no pick a roster
mason is here
??????????
Working on it
1 sec
whats your roster you silly billy
man
rex-me-garett-stav-noam
thanks
ours was in tool at 7:50
I did roster tool
ok
so if you saw it before then it was wrong
I like da Meta Busters! I hope our game goes very epically
Gl to both teams :dinodance2:
@Dean make draft
pls
dean is going to set up cast because youre all FOOLISH  {Reactions} 🆗  [2023/09/13 午後 08:09] mason_jars so true queen
hes busy with stream
it is your job
@Jacob dean has given you 8:13 deadline for draft
waits patiently for strim

@Cam are you a mod on the scrim twitch
No why
I have the login tho
oh cuz i messd up the prediction thing
i cant close out the prediction at the end of the game cuz i voted by accident
Okay I will figure it out in 5
doesnt have to be done rn
i can also get an to do it as shes a mod on the channel
this metabusters comp seems insanely illegal
dont know how it isnt
ur gonna look me dead in the eye and tell me rex mason garrett tuba jacob is legal
It's working out somehow
Ohlordmasteryi

@Jacob red  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/13 午後 08:58] mason_jars @Dean are yall doing roster changes
GG
nay
r u
nay
holy shit nay nay
@Alana did you like the wuju warrior gameplay  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/09/13 午後 09:02] sarvaris Is @Jar beating the washed allegations after this series?
a broken clock is right twice a day  {Reactions} 👀  [2023/09/13 午後 09:03] ktnpwincess @Cam can you do the prediction thing
log onto the twitch'
@Noam
Bot#8380 bruh
LOL
@Dean my draft tool is bugging, last pick panth
I'm not a mod on twitch
damn

@Rift Sharks ggs
ggs
yeah man
for sure
jk
ggs
❤️ king
ggs guys!
sorry about roster delay i was taken on last minute shopping
congrats to @Garrett for being the best mid on his team btw
good series
LMAOO
Real af
sorry team i drafted 4 jung mains
@Sarvaris beating the washed allegations surely  {Reactions} 👑  [2023/09/13 午後 09:49] muryu515 mb
@Rex felt panth was more linear so we might have a better time into it
clearly not true
Yeah
Panth is one of the few champs that counters renekton so
Bot#8380 as in lane is so fucking way home
That and also I knew that I could open up the map after winning topside
Alongside Mason and give priority
yeah i didnt know the matchup, and it doesnt really show up on sites from what i saw
yeah i mean it makes a lot of sense after the fact
Since we were against Kassadin, we needed early game champions that excel in pressure so
i think its def the better pick
just didnt think about it fully
no way man........  {Reactions} 😂  [2023/09/13 午後 09:51] jeandones lux is simply too good of a champ i think
u start playing her and i will call u the best
Real af
I'm not gonna lie
I was tempted to 2nd pick Darius
brother stop leaking our drafts @Rex
Im never getting Darius so its fine
rea
real
Not gonna lie
I feel like me being sleepy as hell impacted me too much
Kept making the stupidest mistakes
Except macro wise
yeah joel did mix u in lane
think that happens regardless tho
:3
True
Joel op
My goat

Good series, although the lack of noam was kinda disappointing and saddening
sorry bb I'm still recovering

Ok
What's roster
Ours is main
in tool
I'm in car
??????????????????????????????
this is not in the tool
what
is this for tonight
Are we on crack or
hmmm
okay
when i say roster tool
i am referring to
ok so my scrimzzone website is being silly ig
the tool
not teams then rosters
I can't open link
do i remake
never mind it's good
VIVA LA REVOLUCION
are they knowers
they are not knowers.

Same roster
We take red @Noam
okie dokie
same roster
you make links
@PB
Your cancel on my e
Made me salty
Was crying tears of blood when I saw my e over the wall get denied like that
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?
@Stanley links :isforme:
i thought that was you guys this series
i'm
it's whoever picks side
per game basis
Bot#8380 u on display thing
oh i thought it was
series basus
i can make them
it's fine
ty
i need to pee okay if we draft 10:10?
A hamster
i will eat a hampster
I will eat you
D:
u already tried
xoxo
What
and succeeded
xoxo
No
u are like five nightss at feddy jumpscare on khazix
True
Call me Fazbear
@Alana i didnt lie abt the darius top teehee
darius can give me top
wait whatr
huh
real tho
💯
Darius only gives his Axe top
r u masterminding???
who can say really
or work
im not a work lmao
oh i see
ur so sneaky girl....
hec
HEC BAN
HEC
ITS SWAIN
ITS SWAIN
NOAM HAD DELAY
not veigar swain
sorry
@Andromeda
wtf
perish
jk love u
was not srs
at all
You were srs
i wasnt
I can hear your teeth grinding
awh man
L:(
who the fuck is xin zhao
That's racist
what
i support all asians!
Racism
@Blake drop the xin zhao take lil bro
I like this a lot
Nice Xin with the least enchantery enchanter
i didnt pick that lmao
Oh insane
???
Didnt know you were benched
L
dont worry about it !
XD
im babyjailed for last series actions
@Blake yeah assets are swapped bc i didnt have the time to swap
incoming ekko
Okay
hopefully better performance than last
I was going to say
Alex Draven is certainly something
lmao

that emos fucked up noam
@Andromeda GG
gg
ulting me is fucked up D:
ggs guys
gg
ggs
GG! Was fun to watch on stream
Why am I getting my kills yoinked
E -> Protobelt -> Flash -> Ult
Then Alana ults somebody
So I dont kill her
on god
@Alana loved the shen btw
THX! WAS PROUD OF THAT!  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2023/09/14 午後 10:57] mason_jars We love expanding champ pools
Alana Shen was good, agreegers
gg
Everytime I got an assist on Draven

Andromeda COOKED in game 2 draft
Genuinely really well done by them
I think if you replace the Mord with Gwen it’s legitimate exodia
But it’s alr pretty close
Swedish discussion

@Valor is the roster on the scrimzone tool correct?
si
i already confrimed with stream
Gl to both teams! Fighting!!
Fighting!
@Daev  THANKYOU
@Valor hi
LOL
does either team know we have a game rn
draft in 3 min what you mean
oh boy
here we go
we can settle this on a game of secret hitler?
@Valor can we ask for your humble self to allow us
5 more minute?
we seem to be of numbers not
thats fine
@Daev
<3
yo
fuckers
we need the help
dont ban it

omega draft right here
@Jar @Mike ur cowards where is teemo vs jhin
Im at work i didnt even know there was a game today
@Taxi bro I'm not even playing huh
Wtf
Im babyjailed regardless
Heroicbumnay02 and toaster should handshake it then
Iya and zack 1v1 in mid, no items, just fists (and paws?)
liz is cooking on neeko supp holy shit
mimi's kinda popping off too
mimi my beloved….
seraqween

@Valor
you draft links?
plit it up a bit :0
what side
can you guys leave up gp
red
kk one sec
@New York Nut Busters please update roster tool
oh ye
if you leave up gp i will build full ap
i just want to experience emotions
updated
MVP has elected to continue with the series instead of redrafting Game 1
@Adam Sign me mid series
Put me in dad
easiest top lane game of my life  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/09/17 午後 06:05] friendfrieren i dont want to feel those emotions
it was close
i love you pooza
ur so me  {Reactions} clean  [2023/09/17 午後 06:05] zacxhqqe i think you guys may want a redo of game one  {Reactions} clean  [2023/09/17 午後 06:05] zacxhqqe :3
:(
fr
please 🙏
blake i want to experience happiness not homophobia  {Reactions} ‼️  [2023/09/17 午後 06:06] theoneandonlypretzel ???????
AHAHAHAHAHA
I am outspoken in my love of Cam and his hunky face
yes but i fear you
i had a 0/13 irelia game one time!
Hes afraid of getting topped.
it was very good
JUST LIKE ME FRFR
i wish i could put you down.
0/13 club holla
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Thats mean!
except i did it twice
ur not allowed to play irelia at all
like 5 ranks below my skill...
Alana pls
alright overachiever
Maintain civility 😭
HAHAHA
blake is my mortal enemy
he took my lunch money
I did do this
kissed my mother on the lips when i turned around
Be nice to your mortal enemy or don't be mean in public thanks
yeah alana stop being so ableist
I did do that as well
D:
thats why hes my ememy….
@Masked Valoran Pirates can we gentleman me playing the 30% wr champ
even tho its technically not allowed
no
so i can
thx jacob
any time
thats a briar
not a nilah
uh huh
@Alana and here i thought i was a babygirl
ur always babyiglr
theres a LOT of babygirl ness going around
this role swapping is so dumb to do
i understand the mid top can swap but jg can too
?
i thought we had a whole discussion where its ok if lanes swap
but not jgs
this shit is confusing
surely we aren't having this conversation again
you're allowed to swap any role given that the players reported on the roster are correct
the conclusion was
its alloweed
any player can go anywhere
:-)
it is not confusing
u stop
ah'
i never hear the convo also u keep saying it but i never remember it lol
the one exception is if theres some agreement about allowing an illegal roster given a specific set of roles but that hasnt happened in a long time because basically the only time that happened there was an incident
@Cylako conversation starts here
&moralleaderboard
Bot#8380 Top 5 Most Moral Members Name - Moral Points: Jar - 3266 J4ke - 161 Sand - 79 Ali - 35 Alana - 32 List updates everyday when I consult the universe.
HOLY SHIT
omg congrats alanaaaaaaa
IM UP THERE BABEY!
@Cylako DM me if you'd like any further clarifications

GGs
ggs!
@Masked Valoran Pirates who wants interview?
@Heroic interview?
i vote valor
ggs!
3 way tie for second goes kinda crazy
ggs, yall did great
love my casters ❤️ @Avery @Jacob  {Reactions} ❤️ (4)  [2023/09/17 午後 07:06] arnye Post match interview was wholesome
Love Valor too
That's my former midlaner!
Love you! Always happy to come on and chat, sad I havent been able to shoutcast any matches yet but hopefully soon
@Heroic
@Avery insane cast, super knowledgeable
Love to hear it
@Jacob back on the grind love to see it  {Reactions} ⭕ (2)  [2023/09/17 午後 08:12] araaraavery ty, king. Shoulda done more prep tho, didn't feel like put the spotlight on everyone as much as i could have  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/09/17 午後 08:14] jeandones Only things I rly noticed were not that much excitement about new pooza pick which is fine lol and Liz usually builds everfrost but those were p minor
It’s hard to scout everyone else b/c it’s champion oceans
A lot of the macro takes and stuff were really interesting and I felt like I could follow the game off of just audio for the most part which was really nice since I was driving

If anyone still has questions about role swapping during/after draft feel free to reach out and DM me, would love to hear everyone's perspectives
Bot#8380 nononono
that's okay scrimblo you don't have to ❤️

:smodge:
real
i dont like how it lists us last but its just alphabet gap
wait is it 3 way tiebreaker too
MVP beat us, we beat RS, RS beat MVP
right?
mvp beat us
We lose tiebreaks currently
Oh right RS plays Spectres tomorrow
Who could that be
Excited to cast tomorrow tho
@Alana I will be awake this time trust?
&moralleaderboard
Bot#8380 Top 5 Most Moral Members Name - Moral Points: Jar - 3575 Adam - 101 An - 65 Ezra - 40 Solari - 31 List updates everyday when I consult the universe.
omg im up there !!
@Jar what did u do to gain 309 moral points in the past 3 and a half hours
he promised to be awake
now if he isn't i think he's removed from moral leaderboard
thoughts @Stanley  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/17 午後 10:14] mason_jars I'm the goat

&moralleaderboard
Bot#8380 Top 5 Most Moral Members Name - Moral Points: Jar - 3575 Adam - 101 An - 65 Ezra - 40 Solari - 31 List updates everyday when I consult the universe.
hmmmm no changes now
it changes once every 24 hours lol
what it changes at 630 pm
lmao
or 10 pm
any pm
no clue when
the pm of the pm
Scrim bot is a force of nature

if u arent u die :)
Still something to do better next time for sure tho. Ty again for the kind words

Of course! Excited for the next one

9 PM HEATED CAST IF MASON DOESNT FUCKIN G FALL ASLEEP 🔥🔥🔥🔥🙏😪🫡  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/09/18 午後 03:20] araaraavery If we all get in lobby vc and yell it might work like a manifested alarm clock

we all yell as loud as we can
at specific timings
so that they all constructively interfere at mason house
and wake mason up
We can use the voice frequency finder to see who needs to say what

Mason will be a truther, I believe 😈
It’s ok In approximately two months if mason oversleeps I can throw a pipe bomb into his room and solve that problem  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2023/09/18 午後 04:22] araaraavery Hey what a coincidence! Everyday is another day I had it within me to resist becoming a domestic terrorist too
“A pipe bomb” is gonna be the name of the feral cat we will keep as a pet
so mason is the mysterious scrimzone member you'll be living with?
I’m convincing my mom to play league of legends
I can just throw the cat really far

i got my dad to play league of legends!
i had an advantage bc hes already a gamer, but hes a console only gamer, but still a gamer
Same tm
He played brand and malphite and some blitzcrank
my dad likes chogath!
You made your dad play top lane?
yes
:smodge:
don’t give me that
i think its the simplest lane , lowkey ties with mid but
i was like oh this will be easy
I babysat my dad in bot
It was fun
did he land those hooks?
He did not play very much blitz
my dad kept accidentally flashing
fat fingers
His malphite support went fucking crazy tho  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/09/18 午後 05:21] jeandones I don’t think he ever quite understood brand passive

im gonna ask abt dinner timing rq
I have arisen  {Reactions} 👑 (3)  [2023/09/18 午後 05:41] 8.013 nice!

@Masked Valoran Pirates thank you guys for being available at a reasonable time of day  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/09/18 午後 08:07] caesarius @Rift Sharks we select red side
❤️
ty!
we are still trying to figure out roster
I HAVE THIS SAVED
whats the game tonight?
Imagine taxi doesn't play
:clueless:
he won't #scared
to be clear the game was scheduled on this date so that taxi could play
extenuating circumstances surrounding last seasons nynb players this week
I in fact do not know
we arent sure either so
:fizzshrug:
\:)
still trying to figure out who is available
Understandable
Just make sure it's in roster tool before draft smile
im well aware
Couldn't be true
Does he know
My internet is just committing war crimes on itself all day and I can't fix it
big sad 😦
praying to the internet gods now

Not even the internet gods can help me right now
@Dean draft links in!
Go spectres !!!!
@Dean  draft time?
9:10
@Dean  is roster correct in roster tool?
Yep
It’s a maybe on the roles but players yes
Where streamzone
noam need stream key
he has it
narrative is real?
stanley my day 1 rooting for the other team
😭
At this point I just want them to go 10-0
@Dean your midlaner is listening to draft discussion on stream
I shleep
"listening"
almost predicted first half

Ngl both those comps look like cancer to play against
Like xerath is just angering and Kai naut is literally banging your head against a wall. Ezreal is ezreal. And Maokai with swain? I mean it’s not as bad but walk into bush trigger plant get hit by ez q and swain w, at half health someone flash ccs and you cry
i think this game is going really well for us actually
Yeah we totally won
ez game
we will take red
9:50
okie
i got links
@Dean are there any team changes lmao
nay sire
@Joel sentenced to maokai duty
1000000 years
theyre picking vayne draven rammus and we're the villains...........................................
yea cuz they are based xd
causes you bodily harm
speak to me when you are locking bard mid xd

@Caesarius side?
red
@Hidiri answer for your crimes against skyrim and her people
we might to delay a slight second, 2 of us in br
hopefully not tho

GGS
gg wp that game 3 was awesome
anyone for spectres interview?
avery
ggs bois, was sweating a bit ngl
and i dont wanna talk about game 1
lmao
good series @Spectres
yeah was a good series all round, we'll not talk about game 1 lmao
:prayge: tysm
nice series all! Very entertaining to watch
Crazy gamers on the side of specters
impressive performance
super fun games tbh ggs guys
gg's
It was!! wp to both teams

@Masked Valoran Pirates or @New York Nut Busters can I get post games for yesterday
@Spectres or @Rift Sharks can I get post games for today
:isforme:
I gotchu
:deanpog:
sarvaris already sending \:)
need yesterday's tho
ill do em manually
which ones
yesterday
but id have to after the pod i think
okay lmk when you're done
ohh okay
if i send you a pic can u just use the website tool
yeh
tysm
i just want the data for podcast lmao  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/09/18 午後 11:54] nomulus i'll have them in before you get to meta discussion prommie

Yes?
well now i certainly will

Sorry was sleep

Sorry @Jar my wifi and cell service just dipped for no reason last night

Pod coming back tonight? :isforme:
That’s the goal
Huge
Dude I have no clue what happened
All wifi and cell just
Vanished
When is redone MB vs Andro cast?
Skill issue I think
Sometime after I’m off work
Dude I lowkey had a bit of a panic attack thought it was a solar storm or smth
end of human civilization as we know it
Do I have any useful skills if there is not internet?  {Reactions} 😂  [2023/09/19 午後 04:21] jeandones Nah fr
So I got high off my ass took like 30 mg of melatonin and blasted music until I passed out  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/09/19 午後 04:21] jeandones Anxiety cure tm
Disclaimer: **this is not medical advice do not try at home **  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/09/19 午後 04:37] blackrazor_s2 my bad I turned on my full spectrum jammer

the FCC is arriving to my house as we speak

they nerfed dean
dean is so real for this actually

homie just read a book
see when I am worrying if my job may or may not exist tmrw its a bit stressful when im planning a move  {Reactions} ‼️  [2023/09/19 午後 06:58] jeandones i was thinking irrationally but
oh well
my logic was
its weird that wifi and cell service both go dark at the same time and i have no way to contact anyone to make sure its not happening in a larger radius than just my house
yo noam relax with the eavesdropping, i will send the greek mafia after u if u dont delete ur message
acting like i dont have connections with the greek mafia
what is going on ....
yo these mods aint chill
im responding to noams message
i  got a favor from the yakuza if you need it
Bot#8380 you might pull the worst of me out better than baron  {Reactions} 🔥 (2) missing (2) deanpog  [2023/09/19 午後 10:25] jeandones 11:30 for pod @Jar pending hes awake

long day for me with the rebroad want to chill for a sec
understandable king gotta get your beauty sleep
if anyone can preform mason summoning ritual would be very helpful
My take is that Joel is too good for scrimzone and we're all scared of him
ok its late as hell
youtubes gonna be here
anchor ill get tmrw

this is gruer and logan apologizing for their war crimes against me and my toilet

Technically you can put me on all five roles but
I don't think anyone would want to flex me into support
Only reason why I don't get flexed into mid is because it's prob my weakest role
Oh and @Dean
Shen / Darius matchup is skill based
It doesn't favor either
Both have abilities that counter the other
Pantheon is better into Shen than Darius
So the ban isn't that invalid
Oh fr?
Yeah
So the way it works is that
I feel like I’ve heard Darius slams Shen for like years
Darius can E cancel Shen E or cancel Shen ult
Shen can cancel Darius Q or Darius W
Either one of those win by manipulating wave
Shen in lower elos prob
But the matchup is technically skill based
Interesting
Also, if Shen manipulates wave and farms / gets early kills
This was a joke tm
The moment he gets bramble tabi or warden tabi
He just curb stomps him
Darius kind of hinges on bullying him to the point he starves
But you can't really bully a Shen that knows what he's doing so
I feel like manipulating wave is wayyy easier on Darius tho
It really falls down to who has better wave control
Nah, it's easier on Shen
And Darius is the easier champ by a mile
How so
Shen doesn't have any abilities that can accidently kill wave
Darius does
When you try to Q shen
and you accidently hit minions
You automatically push towards him
If you E wave as well when you try to E him
Then you fuck it up as well
Shen can't do that and can hold wave with W or shield
Right but Shen is hard to deal a lot of damage to the wave I feel like
You don't have to deal damage to the wave
Like Darius can just hard shove and roam more early
You just have to match wave hp
Darius roam is p trash
I meant to like herald or scuttle not to mid
You can concede early scuttle
The first scuttle gives like nothing
Shen 6 more value than Darius 6
So you can give early river priority without any issue
Also, you're meant to start topside and path down since there is 0 point in ganking Shen
So he can't invade either
Fair point
Sure, you can grab herald
But on the flipside your bot will be dived 4v2 and get a dragon
So there's more value
Maybe Darius had a bigger advantage previously and simply doesn’t anymore b/c of base stat changes and stuff
And I just missed it
No one plays Shen so I don’t really pay attention tbh
Nah, I'm p sure it's a common misconception by lower elos
Scrims Shen is infamously dogshit
Cause I've never heard of Darius being a counter matchup into Shen
Even when I did my climb to Masters with Darius
Shen matchup in the higher elos was definitely skill based
Instead of champ based
Incredibly hard to punish a Shen that just knows what they're doing, even if you're proficient with Darius
The most you can do is manipulate the wave and try not to Q him
And if you do Q him, don't hit minions
Yeah I’m guessing it was probably true like 4 years ago or it was never true and someone in the server just said they liked the matchup and it spread
Shen is 1-4 into Darius in scrims which doesn’t mean much but it’s a a fairly common matchup
For us
Yeah but the average elo for this server is p low no?
Right
And nobody here really mains Shen
So they're not proficient in Shen
Neither do most people here know how to manipulate wave correctly
I mean everything im gonna say is based on like gold-plat average
Idrc if a matchup is solved in masters it simply doesn’t affect me unfortunately
That's fair
I do think it’s interesting to talk about here after the fact but in-series is different
Yeah, but it's useful information to know if you try to go with a Shen pick
But I appreciate the correction yeah
Why does panth win so hard?
Oh that's easy
Do you remember the game where I zoned Renekton out lvl 1
To where he basically lost almost 3 waves of xp?
Panth can do the same with Shen
Ah
The aa field doesn’t help?
And Pantheon is ability based champion instead of auto based
Taunt gives him passive stacks too
And if the Pantheon is good
He will never use W
He will always use E on Shen taunt
So the matchup is never favored for Shen
Not at all
Pantheon's main source of Damage is Q
:smodge:
Into Shen matchup you never go PTA anyways
You go CQ
I’m spreading lies to infiltrate scrim members with woke mind virus so you can gap them with pantheon top
LMAO
You really should be paying me at this point
True honestly
I’ll read some spearshot guides before emenes burns them to erase his cultural heritage
Shen main counters are Pantheon, Kayle, and Illaoi
These three just shit in his throat
LMAO
Bot#8380 drx wins look at it’m stuck between them lol
Gp trox rumble?
None of those?
Aatrox is skill based
Rumble is one of those situations where you just let him push and wait for ganks  {Reactions} 💀  [2023/09/20 午前 02:03] muryu515 As nobody really wins 1v1 against Rumble and you're not really supposed to fight him after lvl 3
You do have an interval to kill him
But that's lvl 2
Gotcha
And after 6, you're going to be roaming anyways
GP is also skill based since you can just W Q's and passive
Of course Orange negates Shen E
But the trick is to E in first
Place Q behind him
E him again
And Q slow him
And it's either flash or kill
What’s E cd?
lvl one is like
18~15 seconds I think?
That’s what I thought yeah
Hence why you place Q behind him
Make him use Orange on E
And just slow him down with Q
You know when Shen's go to lane first
And place Q near enemy turret?
Ohhh
It's like that
Yeah I didn’t get that’s what you meant
I thought you mean like all in 1 trade
That makes more sense
I feel like gp has gotta be favored for kinda the same reason kayle is
The scaling?
Yeah
It should be yeah
But GP's scaling doesn't compare to Kayle's
And Kayle can entirely just shit on Shen after 6
GP can still be killed
Makes sense
A lot of the times when you see Shen vs Kayle they take ignite
Because they want to force her to be behind early
Because they know that they're on a timer
Shen can't tempo Kayle
He needs to be present in fights
Kayle is toplane Kassadin basically
Right
The only other one I remember seeing is vlad into Shen
But vlad players aren’t real so
Yeah
Not worth mentioning
Nobody plays Vlad top
So that's not considered
They should tm
And you already know why Illaoi counters Shen
Bot#8380 i hit by default wasnt british "show tunes** wink wink wink wink
So that's a need to no explain basis
Right
Cooking
Surely I’m correct about Mord beats Illaoi and fiora beats Mord tho
Morde beats Illaoi yeah
If I’m wrong about those I will uninstall brain from stem
If you ult Illaoi after she ults
All her hentai is gone
Fiora also beats Morde yeah
:prayge:
So ur not wrong on those
Bot#8380 shit on my name of an item on ryze shits and because gnar gameplay
I blame lack of Shen players
Bot#8380 i am i't care
Wait we are high rolling the scrim bot messages today
True
Bot is having a party
Ok I bedge
Hope u enjoyed the pod
Yeah it was entertaining
GP destroys Shen
I just want Alana to get more bans covering the top picks so they can shine even brighter
Scrims Shen is 11-21 btw just checked
🤢
This is from the Shen subreddit fyi
I know what I'm talking about
No GP beats him
Shen never kills, and any farm lane for GP is winning
Oh god what is the lesser of two evils
Redditors or Blake
(Meant lovingly)
Appearently im one with the reddit hivemind
No you have Twitter hivemind
Important distinction
Like I said, it's not really a farm lane
You can kill GP with Q slow
If hes braindead
No, that's just how the lane works?
You arent outrading him unless you can outhit every barrel
If you manipulate the wave towards your tower and bait out kegs on minions
Shen damage pre level 7 isnt strong enough to kill, and post 7 his sustain is stronger
Then you can go for either mana starvation or short trades or Q placement behind to kill on 2nd
This is too out of date to be a good reference imo
You underestimate Shen damage
The basic tactics still apply
I dont that champ is disgusting
And I would argue GP is weaker now
But I completely disagree
Sure you can manipulate wave states but as Shen youre 99% of the time rushing Bamis for stronger shove so you can ult bot
A year ago GP was incredibly strong
Skill matchup imo
We're talking about post nerf in the present
He's weaker now
But gp favoured
No?
What kind of Shen rushes Bamis in this matchup?
And setting up freezes vs GP makes him vulnerable to ganks, alone he is easily able to break it
If you're a shen rushing Bamis into GP lane
Then you deserve to lose
??
Because in what universe do you outpush a GP?
If you pick Shen into GP you deserve to lose
Im pretty sure this article was before the gp buffs
Exactly
B/c they cite the winrate as 47%
Any wave state Shen sets up can easily be broken by GP
His mana issues only realistically exist before first back
And youre never trading evenly ontop of him
Along with poke from his barrels
Y’all should just get in game and 1v1 if lmao
I'm pretty sure this is post buff
Here
I'm using Diamond 2 plus because that's where you mostly see decent wave control
u.gg matchup stats dont mean anything
Consider they are going to be looking at gold+ win rates because it’s Reddit
If so then Jax is one of GPs worst matchups which is just false
He was at 50% wr at that Elo post buffs
Blake, there's no reason arguing with you because you never even consider the opposite side
So I'm just providing you with stats
LMAOOOO
Me too fr
He got you there bro
Its hard to agree with the opposite side when theyre just like
Wrong
Lol
GP has always had lower winrates than Shen regardless of the season
And you can even see this through the reddit post
That's pure data
Rex you don't consider other side either so this is hella hypocritical but sure lmao
^^^
And I even argued how the matchup works and how you can play Shen vs GP
It’s like unstoppable force vs unstoppable force
I do tho? I'm not as stubborn as I used to be
Prime content
State of scrims episode but it’s just Rex and Blake arguing with people for an hour
Yea sure but not exactly Pinnacle of flexible mindstate
LMAOOO
Wait that's the content we've been missing
Blake is arguing for how you can't kill GP unless he's stupid ,trading evenly, and mana issues before first back
Lemme re-read what you said and think everything over
Tbf Blake just said it's a farm lane
Which it is
And farm lanes tend to favor gp later on cuz he just is another carry no
Any farm lane is automatically a win for GP, which is self evident
Is the concept not correct
Bot#8380 should not even mean unironically the white boy is good now a 1
It is, and I'm arguing that it's a kill lane if you play it a certain way
Yea but thats not his point sir
Farm lanes are just lanes where gold is concentrated through plates and minions
His point is the gp should be favored in a standard setting
If you sac game to win lane as Shen you can prob kill gp
But are you really winning
And I'm saying that in a standard setting pre mana reaver it's Shen favored
And gameplan wise, Shen wins if he gets team ahead early
@Blake If I have misconstrued what you have said lemme know lmao
4 people getting ahead compared to one person having a farm lane isn't balanced gold wise
I think maybe with flash ignite shen can kill, but it'd be on the GP to die here
He's talking abt 1v1 and you are arguing abt team here yea
Yeah, and that's my point
Rex’s Reddit buddies say ghost ignite
Pre mana reaver it's easy to kill a GP
The reddit armada
As long as you manipulate the wave correctly and do Q placement from behind
Emphasis on the can, and emphasis on the "it's on the GP to die"
Ghost ignite is super troll
You can just punish with Q slow
But yeah, you need ignite
Swifties :clueless:
And is that not a skill matchup?
That's my argument here
Any matchup is a skill matchup if you argue hard enough
You're arguing that GP just shits down Shen's throat
I wouldnt ever consider it one
But it's not that simple
They have different game plans, win conditions, and the 1v1 is favored for Shen early
Camille in my mind is a skill matchup because there room for outplay on both ends. There isnt room for outplay on the Shens side, he just has to pray the GP messes up.
And like I said, it's not about him messing up
As long as you get a Q placement from behind pre mana reaver after the 1st E
Then it's easy to kill him
Post mana reaver?
Yeah, I won't deny that he shits on Shen
But like I said
Pre mana reaver it's Shen favored if both sides play accordingly
Its not about mistakes
Its about kit
Guys just
Yea but it's on the shen to play it well and the gp to misposition
Mason
Is it not?
Put your dicks back in your pants and load into SR custom
That's Blake's point
If I'm reading correctly
Easy way to figure it out
You can't really misposition vs Shen because Q placement from behind is like 99% a hit if you use E
And that's my point here
After first E
You place Q behind
Yea load up the custom settle this on the rift
Manipulate wave
Dean we record for scrims?
Then wait on E cd or Q him when W is down
I’ll stream it if they do it
I think GP beats Shen :)
I will pay money for you 2 monkeys to do this
Thank you erik
Not reading all that tho
Gp do beat Shen
Love that for you king
You have agreed with 98% of the human population
(They are right)
I dont think it can ever just end up with GP dead imo. Even without BP (which should be taken unless theres a hole in the GPs head). Level 1 is incredibly favored for him, he can either play slow and poke him down and zone with first  two barrels, or fast push for 2 which allows for further harass. If Shen his two quickly theres a possibility of an uneven, but that should never realistically happen in this MU. Post 3, Shen is going to be poked out, and positioning his Q with an E will just end up with him going in on an even trade. Barrel management could be a bit scarce, but any GP at the level your talking about will have one ontop of themselves at most points in the MU unless the Shen decides to walk into 3 barrels early on.
Blake, I'm not arguing for lvl 1
Also Shen E cd and GP w are the same cooldown, and unless hes spamming Qs to poke (its dumb and heals enemy) then he'll have enough mana to reliably get out two
Load the custom
I literally said E + Q no?
That's post 2
(What is bp)
Boneplating
Just type that shit out
Run the custom please I'm begging you
Bp is faster
Yes, but youre taking the level 2 in a vaccum. Shen cant get push level without tanking a ton of damage
Say bone
I'll give you both a crisp clean high 5
Winner get the other person banned from scrim zone (100% joking)
Im more washed than you
Uh? No, it depends on what they take lvl 1
If GP takes E lvl 1
Then I completely agree with you
I do not care I wanna watch this
GP will always take E level 1.
E is default
Yeah
99% of MUs
You'd be surprised
I wouldnt be
If you do not take E level one you are trolling
But yes, E lvl 1 is win for GP
As gp
Wait but Rex the point was that gp has to fuck up
But the problem is
And not taking e would be fucking up
If you say you'd be surprised you are admitting that the scenarios are more niche/they are not playing gp optimally no
No?
Yeah but that's for lvl 1
I'm not arguing for lvl 1 no?
I'm arguing post 2
But you just said 2 gets fucked if gp takes e
You have to in fact, go past level 1 to get to level 2
No, I said 1 gets fucked if GP takes E
Rex you’ve counteracted yourself 8 times so far
Yea but can you take level 1 out of the equation lmao
Im not even sure what you’re arguing anymore
Wait Dean
So you are saying that if the gp messes up multiple times then the shen has an avenue to kill yes
Link me when I said 2 gets fucked if gp takes E
No? cause you have an opening post 2
Here
If he messes up level 1 no?
Blake says you can’t hit 2 without taking a ton of damage and you said you agree when he takes e
Dean you need to read after this
I never said lvl 1
Cuz shen loses level 1 if he takes e right
You have an opening post 2, but enemy has push, potentially has poked you down, and now you have to go in on a larger wave without shen W
And like I said
If GP has passive its still a decently favorable trade
Im done with this lmao we’ve switched gears a 9th time
If played correctly on both sides
Shen will be healthy
Clearly we aren’t running a custom
So I’m going to bed
Respectfully your argument makes no sense (to me)
Respectfully your argument makes no sense (to me)
copier
I don't know
You guys are misconstruing my words
If Shen sacks CS, then it still applies. Its a GP with boneplating up and a stacked wave that shen has to trade into
Never argued for lvl 1
You can link me if I did
And that's my point
That's not misconstruing you just literally cannot treat Level 2 as this vacuum of space in time
You take the first unfavorable trade for a Q placement in the back
That Q placement is your kill opening
Bot#8380 banning my birthday mimi top
I think we are saying the lane is gp favored and that was all
You're not meant to kill on first trade
But on 2nd
If you are taking Blake literally at his initial statement of gp destroys shen than you do not understand how league of legends players speak the English language
If Rex doesn’t blind Shen next time he plays into Adam or Blake im calling the fbi
No, I've been arguing for post 2
Okay, but then GP still has control of the wave, Shen is at best evenly chunked, and E is on CD
It doesn't have to be lvl 2
Real
Yeah, and GP has no BP, no W, and is in a compromised position and possibly has only 1 barrel left trying to push / stay safe from a trade
Q is in back of him
If he waits on E CD
Then Shen can all in him
He will kill them by placing a sword behind them and getting a slow and then eing a second time and then using q and getting the kill with flash ignite
If Shen manages to Q slow him down on W cd
Then its still a Shen kill
And if he does this he will win the game
Either way it's that interval that gets Shen ahead early
Gameplan is a whole nother argument in of itself
But we're arguing for lane here
Wait are we ?
Lmao
Early lane is Shen favored if both sides play correctly
After Reaver, GP shits on Shen
There's no contest
Wait so we’ve been agreeing with Blake the whole time :smodge:
Most useful 500 discord messages
LMAOOOOO
No? Because I've been arguing that it's skill based and Blake has been arguing that GP just shits on Shen in general
Is early game play not skill based expression?
Anything in this game is skill based by that logic
If Shen gets ahead early and rushes Tabi
there has to be a statistical winner and loser
I think your definition of skill based is incredibly loose
Then he will just shit on GP regardless
Doesnt gp shit on shen in general?
^^^
Rex what would be an example of a non skill based matchup
GP is mid / late game favored, Shen is early game favored
How one sided would something have to be to not have skill as a single factor
Shen's entire gameplan focuses on getting laners ahead
So lane metric is the only reliable way to try to judge the two
Because they have entirely separate game plans
In what scenario do you want gp early
B/c with really good footsies Shen could just dodge every panth q
So that matchup is pretty skill based too imo
No scenario, and my point is by taking advantage of early game
Theres definitely a kill window there with ignite, but without I think theres nothing. The wave could potentially be in a bad spot, so it does chalk up to wave state then. But I think the argument that this turns the matchup on its head is bad. Shen cant kill GP after first back unless the GP misplays and doesnt play around CDs. W and E CD are timed on the same. Barrels trade evenly onto a shen even with tabi
You can get ahead of GP and just dominate lane and roam
Im going to || krill ||
Bot#8380 krill
A GP with Sheen vs a Shen with tabis is not favored
But that's only if Shen gets the early kill I talked about
But this is situational
So I talked about how you kill a GP as Shen
Blake you are wrong that gp vs Shen isn’t a skill based matchup because EVERY matchup is a skill based matchup
Even if you're both evenly skilled
You cant kill GP over and over unless he misplays, but dominating the map is true, but thats mostly cause Shen ulti.
Bot#8380 send your whole point but i feel the channel lmao
Sorry
Cap have you played Renekton ever
Name a losing MU
Ill wait
Yeah, and that's why I never argued for gameplan because that's just a strawman argument
Oh no not this again
Arguing for gameplan is entirely random because of teammates
So it's not a good metric
Even if it is Shen favored
So I don't use that in my argument
My whole point is
You have an opening to dominate lane as Shen pre reaver
Even if you're both playing correctly
Just because of how both of these champ's kit works
Illaoi Darius voli all out trade the croc for most of the lane
Those would be my choices :)
Also Dean
I'm not arguing for micro based skill
Renekton needs skill to dodge Illaoi e
Because that's entirely up to the player
That's like pitting me against Zeus
I will get my cheeks clapped
I'm arguing for pure kit usage
Shen wins the lane if and only if you find the kill window POST Level 1 and PRE first back in which case you can NEVER kill him again, and you have to jump rope double dutch fifty times, then he wins every time.
^
LMAOO
first back is always Sheen for GP
Seems like a favored Shen matchup actually
So it's technically 3rd or 2nd back for GP
And I'm telling you
By taking advantage of the early as Shen, then you dominate lane
And that's why I classify it as a skill based matchup
Dominate is way too strong of a word here. I think youre underestimating GPs damage. His nerfs were mostly targeted at his durability, which obviously makes him easier to kill, but it doesnt take a whole ton off his own damage. I think even if you get the kill with the window, GP is still too hard to kill and too hard to control the wave against, especially if youre avoiding a Bamis like you said
No, I'm not underestimating GP damage.
I think it'd be really hard to feed another kill after the first, if it even happens
It's just that the problem is
Shen has two abilities that counter early game GP's kit
If Shen & GP are played at their most optimally in lane then I still think it's rlly GP favourited
His Q slow and his W
Post 2 you will always have an interval to kill GP with a good Q placement
Like I said
Nobody takes bami in that matchup
In my years of playing, I have never seen any Shen take bamis in that matchup
Just like nobody takes q first on gp
I've seen that
That's why I include it
Rex unbounded eyes in settings methinks
But like you said
It's not a good metric to use
So we're going with E start first right?
Which is why I said that you concede wave no?
Like, I feel like my points are going on deaf ears here and you're shitting on strawmans for no reason
Never argued for lvl 1
Never argued for post Reaver
Never argued for gameplan
Bot#8380 but cringe actually available, ivern king
Argued for pure lane
Please I'm begging both of you
Drop the custom
Let me and dean spectate
@Blake I believe ur gp is as good as rex shen
It's ok
Would you be shocked if I didnt even have the game installed?
I mean the original argument was “a good pick into” the lane doesn’t have to be good for it to be a good lane counter
Also we play Garen malphite now
Cant play hands character
Bot#8380 realistically how could go
Not really lmao but it's ok
Yeah, but we were arguing for pure counters Dean
Hence why I didn't include GP
and you were confused about it
What the hell is a pure counter
Which you specified like 50 minutes into the conversation
Like a theme counter?
Bot#8380 yes
Dominates all states of the game
Early, mid, late
No contest
I don’t think this one is on us
Yeah, Shen is not that
Yeah, and I never said he was
LMFAO
Just showing some “pure stats”
Ik ik, just for the folks in the back
Ok, and what metric are you using because wave control is important here
Hold on let's throw up the English lexicon rq
That's why I only used D2+
This is Diamond+
Blake used the word destroy
Use D2+
D4 D3 is not good metric
Me and Mason know this
Does gp not destroy shen by every metric we have described
Nobody knows how to manipulate wave
In lower Diamonds
Blake was also diamond+ lmao
And I'm arguing for early metric no?
Is destroy not a good word here
And he doesn't dominate in that regard
Idk im boosted gotta remember
At least according to Mr Queefs
I'm not even including gameplan metric
Yea but he wins in one metric vs like the 2000000 we have described
Because that's just a luck of the draw
Like is destroy not a fine word here
So Rex is right in a very specific scenario (d2+, pre essence reaver) which wasn’t specified until after the argument started?
Is he not correct
And this makes Blake wrong?
And I'm telling you, is using that one metric to win the lane state not an expression of skill?
Sure but he said gp destroys shen yea
Blakes point was that he shits on Shen overall
Like normally I’m not one to defend Blake but
This is true generally
Yeah Blake STINKS
And my point was its skill based just because of how early game lane state plays it
He said destroy in the very first message lmao
That's what I'm going off
Skill based but only in d2+ and before er
And he does except for some smaller scenarios no
That's my point
If both sides play correctly
I was one of the people who taught him how to play and I suck massive balls he stinks by proxy
Then it's Shen favored early
Like is that not a fair point
Right your point has nothing to do with Blake’s
You’re having a completely separate conversation to everyone else
How is this a separate conversation?
I think the window is just too small to get a lead that wont shake the matchup at all. I can def agree that the MU pre first base could be considered skill, but thats pretty much all GP matchups pre 3 (if not a majority of pre-3 matchups in the game). I think youre overestimating how much 400 gold will do for a tank that is into a champ that can so dominantly control the lane vs tanks and champions with low range.
Is pre reaver state not a part of lane?
If we are talking abt overall counters right
Gp does win except for in lane
I'm not overestimating this because this 400 gold ends up playing massively in later elos because of how many options you have to manipulate wave with a tabis vs a sheen
Maybe?
If Shen has no kill before this window
GP wins through lane
Not gameplan
That's luck dependent
If Shen kills in this window
Then Shen can safely do whatever he wants in lane
And win through his primary gameplan
Which I don't even want to argue
Bot#8380 soon
Because its luck dependent
Guys if we can keep Rex typing for the next 7 weeks his team will lose
And the way he play pre reaver
Is skill no?
Or am I tripping here?
Because both sides need to play accordingly to win pre reaver
Because both sides have an interval to kill
Is this not a skill based matchup?
LMAOOOO
That's a super loose definition of a skill based matchup
I think everyone else’s argument is even if Shen kills gp it doesn’t matter
Because gp will eventually hit reaver and win
"A kill interval" =/= "equal kill intervals"
^
Like a good enough Illaoi player could win the Mord matchup but that doesn’t make it a skill matchup
I just dont think its true. If shen were to get all 19 cs (which in your scenario he wouldnt since youre sacking CS early) he would have 764 (i think?) gold with a first blood. GP bases are dependent on his CS, but with futures and near perfect CS sheen is easy to get. There isnt a reality where you can get back to lane with tabi after the first back. Post first back the mana issues are much less prevalent. Sheen vs boots cloth armor/ruby isnt the same as sheen vs tabi. And Shen would have to get tabi on second base, which at that point GP gets CDR or crit chance, plus Shen is starting to look for ulti plays
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?
blood
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?
GP always starts Saphire with TP in this lane. The mana issue you mentioned isn't prevalent and I agree
what
But the kill interval still remains
:KekW:
Sapphire crystal...?
What in the hell
Do you really not see GPs build saphire?
No
I want you to know I've been standing still in baldurs gate for like 20 mins reading this Convo lmao
God no
Not at all
Its long sword every game
Rex is playing in Latam by accident
It's always longshort double pot
Maybe for AP
Oh wait mb
I was talking about last year
Yeah no, its LS
Yeah Tri Force different
Last year?
No its LS with refillable
Like
3 years ago?
For this season
So mana issue is prevalent
I also forgot to mention refill does alot of work for those early levels as well,
Mb, I don't know why my mind went to saphire meta
@Dean I think he's a 20 point player so can we change his points
Skill based but only in d2+ and before er and in 2022
Old triforce prob
Prob
Anyways
Yeah, the point kind of still stands
You mean like 2016 lmao
Early kill interval is still there
That shit was 7 years ago
I am almost literally pissing myself laughing so hard
LMAOOO
Not quite cause you're going for kill interval on post 2 after first E trade
Shen takes doran with a pot as well
So it's equal sustain
Shen has more sustain through second wind technically
But we'll just assume both have BP
In this scenario
I think most would take SW
Its suicide not to take it vs GP on most champs imo
Yeah, I agree
But if you want to try and go for that opening
Then BP isn't bad
SW is good for overall
W're assuming BP for both anyways in this scenario
Unless you want to go with SW?
Because the kill interval still applies on SW
Nah its always BP, way more useful in all points of the lane since Shen poke is non existant
If we are getting this specific you literally NEED to just play the 1v1
Nah I meant for Shen
Not GP
Next we are gonna argue about cursor placement
Id always take it
Dean
I think its more Ehp
I am literally a snowball player
I place emphasis on early game
And better for later in the lane
Because of how many options that it gives you
Yeah, I agree. I would take BP just because of the way I play tho
But that's in my case
My entire point is that early game lane state
Is still an expression of the matchup to where you get ahead of the enemy
And depending on your champion, it gives you access to certain options where you have a better chance of winning
In Shen's case, it gives him an incredibly good lead for his wincon
In GP's case, it just gives him an early access to Reaver to make it so that it's primarily a farm lane
Because after Reaver, only an idiot will engage
And Shen will just stay back and farm under tower or manipulate wave state to safely farm because GP is paranoid of a potential gank
And that's my point as to why it's a skill based matchup
Depending on the early game, the lane state goes either one of two ways
If Shen doesn't do anything and relegates it to a farm lane
I hate to bear unfortunate news I just don't think you're convincing anyone
Then he's conceding everything to GP
When was the last time you played this MU in ranked out of curisoity?
Let me check
👍
:teemothumbs:
Split 1 and on the racist top account it was a year ago
Back when I did top to Masters
That one was D2 max I believe
D2~D1
Gotcha
I'm basing this more on my observations of watching that lane though
Because I'm not a Shen main
Neither am I a GP main
Idk, I think you just really overvalue the amount of the one kill gives on a tank. If it was other champs obviously its way different, but tankiness and a negligible amount of damage extra damage from Q (unless I have the scalings wrong) wont sway the fact that GP will just be stronger post any amount of bases.
I don't think I'm overvaluing it, it's just how early game state tends to go in my opinion
Shen Q damage gives extra bonus attack speed, extra damage, serves as an auto reset, and in this lane he will take ignite if playing for the early state
Which a lot of Shens in Solo Q tend to do
If it was a tank with a different gameplan
I would completely agree with you Blake
But having more options for Shen in lane is just detrimental
Because that champ isn't meant to play for lane
I really don't want to use gameplan as a metric though
But in terms of options
Then Shen has more
It does give him more flexibility and more to combat GPs strength, but I think overall it doesn't sway the options he has to play the lane too much. He'll be able to dictate wave a bit harder with the extra tankiness, which helps during herald, but isnt all too useful considering what Shen ulti is and what he wants to do in a game
Yeah, and I agree with you.
Plus the ignite means that once Shen is gone, GP takes 3 plates and minimizes the gold lead.
Similarly to Kayle, it's a game where if they're allowed to farm then they eventually outscale
Shen isn't a champion played for the scaling, but instead for early / mid game due to how roaming works on him
GP can minimize the gold lead yeah
But the problem is
The fact that there is a gold lead in of itself is what's problematic because Shen is getting the team state ahead while GP is farming
Shen with tabi back can pretty much safely do whatever he wants pre reaver
Sheen doesn't counteract tabi effect
GP passive does, but Shen W exists
Yes, but Shen is going to do this regardless of the kill, and GP will also farm and scale safely regardless of the early kill as well
So Q poke is meaningless
Yes, and here's my point
You argued that GP shits on Shen right?
He does
And by extension that means a Shen has to be on his toes right?
Because GP can just kill him
Since he shits on him
Yeah, and he can
Doesn't that mean Shen has to automatically concede wave to farm? But a Shen with this gameplan will never farm as much as GP
And that's my point
Two champs with two different gameplans
With one hinging on early game states
If the one with an early game state has a lead and is allowed to safely pass by the early state and accomplish his wincon
Wouldnt you argue that there is more value in that?
The way these two play the lane is inherently different
GP wants to get past the kill window and get reaver so he can do whatever he wants
Shen wants to abuse the kill window so he can do whatever he wants
Both sides cannot do whatever they want during this window
But can do what they want depending on this window
So that's why I say it's skill based
Fair, but Shen's gameplan actively feeds into what GP wants. This early lead isnt actively being used to punish GP, which is why I dont view it as a skill or losing matchup.
But you're not using it to punish Gp
You're using it to have more options presented to you
Shen isn't a lane champion
Fundementally the champions are different
And that's how snowballing works
It's to ultimately give you more options / agency in the early game
Shen isn't snowballing in this regard
But it's similar
Because of how that champ's gameplan is designed to be
His gold is tied with the team's gold
I see your point Blake
But I still think that because of how these two work, it's a skill based matchup
Because each one of these has a specific wincon for lane state
And a specific wincon for game state
With one having an advantage over the over
Which equalizes both out
Ok tangent
what
Yeah it's random
I don't want to use that as a metric
I really don't
Is factoring for ease of execution in here at all
But it's just the champ
Isn't shens gameplan entirely based around random teammates tho
^^
Yeah
But it's still luck based
So I wanted to argue for pure lane
Okay im going to lay out everything rq
Shen being allowed to play into his wincon is better than GP farming is my point tho
But gps wincon is farming no
That's Blake's point
It's gold in general
Once GP gets core or reaches late game, then he should win
Which you get most efficiently from farming yes
But that's also luck because not all GP's can 1v9
That also factors in teammates
Which is why I really don't want to use teammates as a metric
Or gameplan as a metric
Wanted to argue for lane only
Isnt that execution not luck
But I guess it realistically can't work that way
Wouldn't you argue it's luck?
No what lmao
Solarbacca can't win against the roster of SKT T1 by himself
If he matches against them in Solo Q
Knowing how to stall a lost game state is an execution skill no?
It is, but ultimately the way the team plays around you is luck
You know this Mason
Because you also experienced it
Then there's no such thing as skill lmao
No, because your previous point is still valid
Early game champs still need their team to execute with them in some areas
Bot#8380 the draft strats in next to have hands can you count
Stalling out the game for your team is pure skill
No?
Whether your team acts on it is luck no?
That's just luck at that point no?
You can't mind control them
Yeah
Mason, I'll give you an example
Do you remember the Kha'zix game
The one yesterday where I hit masters
Yea you 1v9ed but you still needed akali and trynd to execute with you no
Is that not luck of rng
No, cause you already saw the state of the game
And jhin drooling on his keyboard
I won by myself because the enemy was stupid and kept isolating
Yeah
Karthus mispositioning
Is that not luck?
So it is rng
Yea than wtf is skill expression at that point no
But me never giving my bounty and pouncing on all of these opportunities
Is an expression of my skill
And that's the point
The creation of opportunities is skill
But the opportunities themselves is luck
Am I wrong?
Sure
But how does that tie in to the gp vs shen argument
Trynd was never in those fights
And 90% of the picks I made were solo
Because Shen can create opportunities for himself to factor into his primary wincon in this lane through the early game state
And depending on this early game state
It's disadvantageous or advantageous for either side
Yea but that means that shen has to be proactive where the gp can play reactive or proactive right
The creation of opportunities for Shen's side, and the loss of opportunities of GP's side
Shen can never play the lane reactive otherwise he loses yes
So he naturally has less options than the gp no
Yes, and GP cannot play as reactively as he wants pre reaver
And depending on early state
He will not hit that spike and cannot even play later states depending on how Shen plays the map
But again shen has to create those opportunities for himself where gp doesn't rigjt
Both can play reactive
How
Shen can concede 1st wave
Doesn't gp win if shen doesn't actively try to punish him early
Soak xp and go in on counter push for tower
GP can safely distance and farm and wait for reaver
Concede wave if need be
But conceding wave on GP is not a favorable condition for him
And depending on wave state, 3rd wave crash is always going to be a dive
If Shen dies on dive its fine
GP loses 4 waves
Delaying his reaver spike even more
Which is why I don't consider D2 below to be a good metric for this
Because this matchup hinges on how these two play wave states
And how they distance from each other
That is an expression of skill no?
@Blake did solarbacca say this lane was favored for gp or nah
He said neither
Farm lane which is always winning
Farm lane
Ok so there you go
Did he say winning outright or nah
Nope
Its a farm lane, which is always winning for GP
Did he say farm lanes were winning for gp in the screenshot
Using appeal to authority arguments is super bedge but whatever
Not sure, but its just common knowledge and my own (correct) opinion
Ok cool
Sorry rex go find the vod if you care that much lmao solarbacca said gp wins the shen matchup
Ez af
30:50
"A good shen can make you sweat"
Like I said
Early game window is still prevalent
What else did he say
He says its easy farm and then counters himself saying that a good Shen can make you sweat
So he wasn't sure
He's saying it's easy farm caveat a good shen can make you sweat
Hello
And wasn't that my argument in the first place if both players are playing correctly?
Does Solar not play his lane correctly?
And does a good shen not play his lane correctly?
Bot#8380 okay i think rfc and runes kekw
Is that not the take here?
No lmao
Overall gp beats shen
That's the consensus we have been at
On the metric both players are playing correctly
If a good shen is making Solar sweat
Do you not think that the early game window is not a threat?
Yea but he said it's a free farm lane first no?
and counters himself
So his overall experience is that shen is a good matchup yes
Mason, I don't know why you're not considering the fact that he counters himself
Brother that is a side point to his main one
His main point is shen is a free farm matchup otherwise he would say gp gets dogged on by shen no
"I would say honestly, it probably plays like this. Honestly, Shen plays harder than a Mundo." **Then places Shen next to Gnar who is 1 champion below skill matchup**
Shen is beaten by GP. There are windows to kill early obviously as there are with a majority of GP matchups vs anyone who isnt a rubber noodle. What Im saying is that this does not matter.  Shen as a champ actively plays into what GP wants both early and late. A champion he can outspace and out damage in lane, and a champion that walks into him and his zone of control late game. I think our definition of counters/matchups are much different. Tanks can neutralize GP for a short time, yes, but that isnt winning in my book. Winnning in my book is actively gaining an effective lead against the GP and putting him further and further behind. Shen using your set up gets a small lead (if at all, which I'll touch on later.) This lead that he gains isnt used to counter GP harder, its just gold on a tank which isnt very useful.  Shen's style of roaming and lack of sidelane later mean that his themes are just countered by GP. If Shen leaves when GP has sheen (he will), he loses a wave and GP gains three plates at minimum due to demolish, passive, and sheen procs. Along with this, stray kills and assits can be picked up from his ulti as well.  Shen's team may or may not be ahead, but now the GP is accelerated to a level beyond most fed carries due to just how insane his passive gold generation is. GP is a champ that can carry 95% of the games he is in given a confident player, and given a game that isnt something absurd like Xerath Ez Velkoz or something. Shen allows for this activated GP to exist without much struggle.
The gold lead Shen gains from the early kill is practically meaningless. GP starts LS refill whilst shen starts Doran shield. Dorans sells for 180, which means thats the amount of gold shen actually starts the game with. GP on the other hand starts with 420 with Long sword building into his items means that he gets all 350 of that gold, plus 70 from selling refill. This totals out to an effective 240 gold lead for GP at the beginning of the game. Free boots also means 300 extra gold in his pocket, but we can ignore that along with first strike. This means that Shens first blood (barring any lost minions but its negligible considering in this scenario Shen is sacking his own farm) is only a gain of 160 gold on the GP, a lead that will easily be lost and over taken after the first ulti. Again, the lead Shen gains from this is meaningless. As a tank he can already neutralize the kill threat early, which means the kill on him isn't really woth much. The stats he gains could be somewhat useful for his team in his roams, which is nice, but again, it doesnt actively work towards harming the GP and his gameplan.
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?
blood
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?
No? He has separate categories for how the matchup works.
The two categories next to free farm are
Easy kills and GP favored
He doesn't put Shen in GP favored
Neither does he put him in easy kills
Just because a "good Shen makes him sweat"
Meaning a Shen playing that early game window correctly
Has agency
First words out of his mouth are free farm yea
Otherwise he would just put in square in GP favored no?
You keep focusing on this when Solar counters himself
If you wanna break down the lexicon like that
He put it as an addition to the point of it's free farm no
Considering “free farm” is further down the tier list than “gp favored”
Also that
Free farm is like gp favored ++
No, he has those categories because the way it plays out is different
If you watch the video then he specifies
We all watched the video
Also first impressions of his point is that it's a free farm matchup so doesn't that say that he commonly faces shen as a free farm matchup
Mason is specifically asking questions to where I'm linking him timestamps?
Yea I did I just watched the clip
I'm tryna play baldurs gate rn
Counterpoint there is a “skill matchup tier” and Shen isn’t in it
Literally in the clip he is giving credit to Shen to recontextualize him in the tier of "free farm" not that he's good
Real
That is the full context of the clip
^
Also erik is correct here
Yeah
He contextualizes why he's like, harder than Ornn
that doesn't mean he think its good
Ok, first things first. You and I have very different definitions of what makes a champion effective overall in matchups, so I agree with you. Shen's style of roaming is tied into the way Shen generates gold. He generates gold not for himself, but for the team. You can have an activated GP in the toplane sure, but having an activated ADC, Jungler, or Midlane can effectively negate that and even be more detrimental to the game state depending on who exactly it is that is activated. This is more nuanced however, so I'll just argue Jungle and ADC are activated. That is still two people that have the ability to dominate their respective aspects of the game. The gold lead Shen gets in the beginning is meant SPECIFICALLY for a Tabis purchase that allows him to farm safely before Pre reaver and shove in the wave by spamming Q. Because a Shen in this scenario with an early lead can take favorable trades regardless of what GP if played correctly. Tanks cannot naturally neutralize a kill threat early. There is a reason why GP can just bully somebody like Sion, Rammus, and Malphite into submission but has a harder time with Shen, Mundo, and etc.
Fyi, this is why I didn't want to argue about gameplan or team states because it just gets overly complicated and is basically hinged on the team's ability to capitalize which is luck based
Solar with a gold lead can dominate most games, but not all of them. And the same rule applies for any game because it is a team based game ultimately, and it is significantly harder to just do things by yourself when players are of a similar skill level to you.
So I argued for lane state, which in a sense is scuffed because both of these champions have a separate plan for how they want to play this out in the early states of the game
Which lane is primarily meant for
I never said he was good, I just said that it's a skill based matchup based on how you want to play Shen and GP in the early game (pre reaver) for both of these champions.
Not one or the other can outright just roll on the other in this scenario
We aren’t talking about what you said you were asking Mason to read the footage what????
And I was telling you that your interpretation of what he said was just flat out wrong
I simply
Give up
I do not know what point you are trying to make
I asked earlier and didn’t get an answer lol
Yes, I was asking Mason to read the footage because these tiers aren't established in the way you're thinking?
They are!
If Shen was just purely dominated by GP
Then it would just be GP favored or easy win?
Why is it specifically categorized as farming, easy kills, and gp favored?
If it’s GP favored then GP wins that’s how Math works
Because it's how GP wants to play out his lane
His winconditions for those lanes
Are different
He even states that Shen just farms in this lane too
He doesn't say anything about killing him
Outright bullying him
Or anything else
and then has to counteract is point of it being easy farm
Because Shen can make him sweat
He put him in the FREE FARM category
Yea but just farming is a gp win con
Because GP gets to FREE FARM
and roaming Shen is wincon
It's not the same metric
I thought you said Roaming isn’t a valid win conncuz it’s relies on your teammates!
But now it does!
Yea but isn't roaming on shen rng cuz it relies on your teammates to utilize the gold you give them?
No, I said roaming wasn't a good metric because I didn't want to use this as the argument gets convuluted which it did
But the problem is
That's Shen's gameplan
So if it isn’t a good metric
Bot#8380 just because they let them
Then
Shen
Loses
What? No
Good metric meaning something that we need to have to agree on so we can compare data for an argument
I don't know where you think that being a positive or negative metric has any emphasis placed on champions?
It's an emphasis on what we're arguing for
I said in the beginning that I wanted to argue for lane
Bot#8380 oh he loves my phone is very good songs worth coming
It just escalated into teammates
Which I didn't want to do
Can you please explain to me what you think this sentence means
I can even link you to when I said this
That looks like
Word salad
Didn't Blake give you the play by play in lane
Ok
When gp starts e level 1 and everything
Basically what it means is that we need to have common ground to disagree or agree
It's like when Carrot talked about how Briar has less skill than Yuumi
But didn't read her abilities or understand her kit
No like what do the words in that sentence mean
We're on different pages
So we can't argue
A positive or negative metric having any emphasis placed on champions
That’s just
Lane matchup
Positive or negative metric having any emphasis on champions meaning that it doesn't matter what we're using for the argument as long as we're on the same page on the argument concerning an aspect concerning the champion
Because we can't establish who is wrong or right
If we're talking about different things
Like if I were to talk about how almonds are better than peanuts, but you're talking about how peanuts are better than cashews
They're both nuts
But we're not on the same nut
This is even more confusing than the original sentence
That’s such a bad example
Because it’s pretty clear what we are talking about
Yes, and you're arguing for overall GP wins
We are talking about the champion Gangplank and the champion Shen, and discussing who wins
and I'm saying that it's not that simple just because of how early game plays out
So you’re just wrong we are on the same page, just no one agrees with you
Hasn't Blake said the lane is still winning for gp cuz the shen has to actively try and punish more otherwise he plays into gps wincon of farming yes
It’s not like we aren’t on the same page here
And I already established that this is the wrong way to play for Shen no?
You're not meant to punish GP
No you said that it’s a skill matchup b/c you can punish gp
You're meant to punish the enemy team through extension
That was the original argument
In the early game for lane state yeah
This is a psycho carrot take gone to it’s extreme
To the bitter end
Dude what the fuck is even your point
Can you compress it into like
2 sentences max
Every time we think we understand something you said you tell us we are wrong
But don’t explain what your point actually is
Wdym
Shen wins through early game window by having more opportunities presented to him and playing into his win condition of roaming by killing GP. The way these two play during these window is an expression of skill and plays into how they can both respectively play into their win cons, and this is the reason why Shens in higher elos have a better win % than GP due to how favored it is for Shen if both sides play to their optimal states during this window.
There two sentences
What is Shen's win con?
And what is Darius' win con?
To roam and impact the map right
Yeah
Darius is to win lane
Sure
Yeah
What's gp win con
To get core items
Which involves getting farm and gold right
Specifically at lvl 13
So if shen wants to play for his wincon he loses yea
Cuz gp will get an easier lane and farm and gold ye?
Why do you not get this granular analyzing Darius’s win con
Cuz there isn't a person there right
That's why I didn't want to use as a metric. Because Shen playing into his wincon is just purely based on his teammates skill to capitlize on the gold given to them by Shen.
Shen's gold ties into the team's gold.
Ok
GP's gold ties into his gold
So ignore this right
In lane
Gp starts e level 1
I understand the second sentence what does the first one mean
Does he win
Ok, I'll give you an example.
Do you remember when Alana played Shen
Can you just rephrase
Alright I'll just rephrase it
If Darius gets a kill early, it lets him snowball
Simple right?
Him snowballing is his win condition
I don’t care about Darius
I care about Shen
Shen's win condition is to roam
This is not rephrasing this is an example
And get the team ahead
Yeah mb
How does he play towards the roaming win con by killing gangplank
Getting a kill in lane is the opposite of roaming
Shen's win condition is to roam and get the team ahead. Conversely, pushing the wave and getting a good roam in so that he can head top immediately or have the jungler hold is an opportunity. A shen without an early lead has a harder time establishing a 3 stack wave. By having a 3 stack wave in general it gives him 3 things. 1. Roam, 2. Dive, 3. Safe back for early reset
Which can play into the team's gold
Which is his win con
Shen having gold by himself is as useless as any other tank
Tanks are meant to supplement the team, not carry by their lonesome
In direct contrast to champions that snowball or have a clear late win condition such as Kassadin, Kayle, etc
GP cannot punish Shen anymore due to early purchase, and this in turn, gives Shen more opportunities and gives him more opportunities to give his team gold
Does that make sense?
A shen with DS, boots, and cloth
Cannot hold wave
and cannot roam effectively without giving too many resources
A shen with DS and tabi's, can
Ok I understand this now, but it seems like that if Shen can get an early kill then he can roam, but it doesn’t stop gp from doing gp things, so that feels like how effective their game plans are is pretty important to the argument, if shens ability to win the lane is based on reaching a state where both sides have obtained their win con
Seems like if Shen plays levels 2-7 perfectly and gp messes up, then the game comes down to win con v win con
Shen's win con is just way too inherently different from GP's
And since that is such a specific scenario it seems pretty fair to say that generally, gp slams Shen
Shen wins through opportunities and giving his team gold
GP wins from his own wallet
My point was
So he loses the matchup
His wallet has a hole in it
Depending on how to early game goes even if Shen roams
Just because of how wave manipulation works
Does that make sense?
Yes it makes sense but it does not relate to the point! He still just loses!
He can eventually fill that hole with more money eventually
If Shen isn’t in lane does gp still not get to farm up?
But it doesn't change the fact that he had a hole in the beginning
Ok hold on
In lane
He does, and that's where it just gets complicated and luck based.
Right
So
If gp takes barrel level 1
Does he win
If a very specific scenario plays out
@Rex
Then it’s even and luck based
Correct?
No, it's neutral
Because GP is forced to pushed
While Shen concedes first wave in favor of xp drain
Either that or Shen takes barrel first from extra AS from Q slow
It plays two ways
But generally, Shen concedes
Ok
And it's not unfavorable for him because it 3 stacks wave under tower
Ok
So in your opinion
Is his q still at gps tower at this point
Bot#8380 i am but if they also overgrowth, e is petitioner usually get on league played with the top 13
Which one of these lane matchups takes more skill to execute on
Most yeah
Gp or shen
Every Shen goes to lane first
Q's near enemy tower
Then leaves it there until opportunity comes to use it
Right but you said he’s able to stop gp from getting barrel b/c of q auto slow
Which would move the sword right?
Yeah, and?
He's saying you get the q pull through
To fight level 1
Yea?
Or am I dumb
You get the Q pull through, take a favorable trade for Shen
Yea
Cool
Ok so
Pre level 6
Which lane state is easier to execute on in both matchups
Neither
You think so
Well, actually Shen
Shen takes a short trade and burns GP orange
Places Q behind
Since it's a 3 stack wave going towards GP
Ok
So
This trade allows for a dive
In this scenario shen wins pre 6 which is fair to say right
Either that or another trade based on Q pull through which results in a kill or flash by GP
What if gp chooses not to take the trade
He can't because he needs to shove the wave in
Unless he burns all his barrels on first wave
Why does he need to shove the wave
Which in turn lets Shen punish him
So that the wave doesn't slow push into him on 3rd wave and stacks because by then Shen will be lvl 3
A scenario where Shen can punish GP effectively
GP had to use barrels to defend himself
Placing barrels underneath so that he can proc them if Shen gets close to cs or tries to trade
But because Shen concedes or gets a trade in early with the lvl 1 Q slow I mentioned
He can just punish GP at lvl 2 or lvl 3 conversely depending on wave state
Ok let’s just assume Shen gets tabis and is up a kill at 6
What does that do for the state of the game
Shen 3 stacks a wave for a dive, roam, or reset
Shen gets a free roam
GP cant push hard enough
Conversely, if it's a dive
Then GP loses 4 waves total
And Shen gets a plate
Which is worse for GP
But if we argue for team states
Shen roaming is worse for team
Conversely, Shen can also freeze the wave with tabi
GP cannot effectively punish Shen once he has tabi vs sheen
Because of how the kits work
Sheen doesnt go through tabi + shen passive
And it can also be blocked by w
Does that change once he gets er?
Yes
It becomes GP favored
But not in the sense you think of
In an extended lane
GP can simply just poke Shen down and Shen eventually has to take a reset
Thereby giving him more opportunities to farm
?
In a short lane, GP can take a favorable trade and just straight up kill him
And what I meant by short and extended
I mean the way they trade
Short meaning all ins
No what did you think I was thinking
Extended meaning just q'ing and e'ing defensively
Just killing him straight up with a barrel combo
and walking up to him with passive
Why would I think that
Because that's the standard
For most champions GP is against when he all ins
The standard what
Passive stacking with barrel combo
Harder on Shen because of Shen kit
Which is why I said "not in the sense"
Lane is considered free farm for gp players I wouldn’t expect to be solo killing Shen
I don’t know why you’re assuming I would think things
Ok, ignore that sentence then
How can you say that we are comparing “almonds to peanuts” when you are making assumptions on what people are thinking
But the point still stands
Because you guys literally established that GP just shits on Shen overall?
You are just like fighting your own demons in that instance
Wasn't I already clear with this?
I don't know why you're nitpicking with this
Yeah and I still think that
When you already established your stance
So yeah, what's the issue here then
If you still think that
Ok anyway, basically you hit a point where Shen has helped his team or himself a little bit and GP has the ability to free farm and deal a lot of damage
Gp has the condition he wants to win the game regardless, only difference between this game and a game where Shen doesn’t play the early game perfectly is that Shen also now has what he wants
So it’s a wash, if Shen plays the lane correctly
Define wash?
Shen favored?
Neither or both players play the lane perfectly at the beginning then gp gets his win condition and Shen doesn’t
I’m not nitpicking anything it is just simply crazy to say the sentence, “not in the way you’re thinking” in an argument
That is simply just
Silly
No they both have hit the goal they wanted upon selecting their champion
Alright, fair enough
I assumed based on general gameplay of GP
Not on you personally, but honestly, it would still stand with the stances we argued in the beginning
Gangplank is now able to farm up and reach his items pretty much uncontested, maybe a couple minutes behind where he would want to be, and Shen has either helped himself (which isn’t great b/c he’s a tank as you’ve mentioned) or he’s helped his team (which is maybe good maybe not which we aren’t getting into to)
But both champions are now able to reach their wincon
But this only happens if shen does exactly as you detailed
If he slips up or if getting gps flash isn’t enough punishment, then he’s not able to triple stack or freeze and his roams aren’t safe b/c he doesn’t have tabis
Right?
I need some clarification on some things
By both reaching their wincons
Do you mean that GP eventually gets his even if Shen gets his?
Yes
Ok, and by uncontested, do you mean when GP gets his wincon or in general?
Once he hits er
Ok
And Shen doesn't help himself on the dive, it's just an extension
Jungler dives with him on 3 stack
Shen doesn't dive with himself
But he will always tank the shots
Ok so he’s helping the team regardless
Yeah
That's some needed clarification
Shen and GP can both achieve their wincons respectively
Even without Shen winning the early game
My point is
That if Shen does get do what I described
Then GP cannot achieve his wincon within a certain timeframe when everyone else is ahead
And thus cannot negate the gold that Shen generated for his team conversely
Does that make sense?
Shen's roams are safe as long as he gets team ahead
This doesn't matter regardless of his items
Still it feels like if Shen plays the early levels in a specific way then you’re gambling on the team doing enough, and gp would be a good counter because you either dodge the early level stuff, which you should know about if you’re as good of a gp player as the Shen is a Shen player, or you’re on the back foot but still can do gp things if your team doesn’t lose before you get items
What matters is how many resources he denies GP before that roam and during that roam
Which tabi early purchase achieves
If that makes sense
Exactly, and it's the reason why I didn't want to argue about this because there's a luck factor involved in a team setting.
I understand how Shen could create this state it just seems like it doesn’t accomplish enough to seal the game and it doesn’t seem like it’s as consistent as you’ve made it out to be
But the problem is
If Shen's team is winning like you said
Then it's just automatic win for Shen because he gets to further his team ahead
It just feels like Shen winning relies on a lot of ifs and GP doesn’t, which seems like it’s not as much a skill matchup since it’s depending on other things
Meaning you have a harder time dealing with them even with the items you have gained through farming the lane
Like yeah there’s counterplay to gp as Shen but I don’t think anyone was saying there isn’t
Isn't that the case with a lot of skill based matchups tho?
If one person fucks up
The other can capitlize and have the lane / wincon lean in their favor
But in a favored matchup, you outright bully them
Bot#8380 first off- to play zac or what a silly
Ergo, like the Pantheon lvl 1 vs Renekton
Does that make sense?
Skill matchups are generally considered to be matchups where neither player has an advantage if neither player messes up
Exactly
Seems like the onus is on Shen to make something happen and force a mistake out of the gp
Which would make it imbalanced in gps favor
But doesn't gp have an advantage of he doesn't mess up and the shen doesn't mess up
You're not really forcing a mistake onto GP
It's just Shen's kit
Q pull through is almost always going to hit
Depending on how you E or place it
So why doesn’t every shen vs gp lane have the gp die pre 6
So GP has to take an unfavorable trade just to be allowed to farm and get his spike
But eventually he will get his spike, yes
But by that time both sides can play into their wincons
And it just becomes luck at that point
With that luck being on the side of GP a bit more
Yea but can't you contest the shen setting up the sword in the first place with passive and e?
Or is that not doable
No
Really
Yeah
How so
Shen always just walks to lane through bush vision and sets a sword
Can’t gp just walk to his tower at the beginning of the game
Or to the bush
What if gp matches and spots you first
And stop that?
You can also just set the sword in 2nd bush
Without it impacting you at all
Because you both are going to get there at the same time
Even if you want to prevent it
And if you REALLY wanted to punish Shen
Then you would need to catch him in the act with your team
I’d like an answer to this
But that's still luck dependent on your team listening to you
So I don't factor this
Because not everyone is proficient in their champions and there are not a lot of Shen mains on this server in comparison to GP mains
Seems like the implication is there’s 0 counterplay to this shen early game plan
Does that make sense
We should watch pro gp vs shen matchups lmao
Shen is a pocket pick for many because his wincon isn't his lane
How long has it been since that was a top lane matchup tho lmao
Taking players of equal skill and them both making mistakes, gp wins
It's rare as fuck
Taking players of equal skill and neither of them make any mistakes, is there any counterplay for gp for this early level play?
Seems if yes then it’s solidly gp favored lane and if there’s absolutely no counterplay then it’s an even lane at best for shen
Still probably gp favored
No, and that's why I'm saying it's a skill based matchup.
You have to concede on 3rd wave if played correctly
But nobody will concede that wave as a GP
You know why?
Because it's Cannon wave
Wait so your argument is it’s a skill Matchup because gp players won’t give up a cannon?
Im done
Actually
@Rex what abt this one
No, my point is that GP hemorages money in the early game depending on how its played
I really don't like the fact that you don't consider my initial point
If GP concedes this wave
Then he is losing out on almost or more than 100 gold
But that’s not the difference between tabis and sheen?
And Shen gets to 3 stack for a dive or a cheater recall
The difference is that Shen has the opportunity to kill him during this time frame
Can gp not just farm the wave under tower?
Farm with a 3 stack wave?
If everyone is playing correctly, no
But if Shen cheatered on it how can he pressure it
Also how can shen cheater if has ignite
By forcing GP to use a TP after he comes back to lane because GP is forced to farm the 3 stacked wave
Yeah I’m just not following anymore
Giving Shen the opportunity to trade with him and then roam while also forcing GP to back so he doesn't get plates
Seems like shen has to do about 30 things perfectly right
No?
Because it's really simple in practice
Regardless that just doesn’t seem like an even matchup
I can explain Darius the same way
Ok then why doesn’t everyone do it
But it doesn't mean that it's complicated
People do tho?
From what I've seen
I think that's just a confirmation bias on your side and on my side
I see this all the time
Bot#8380 why i mean my an thats unironically
And you don't
Shen always tends to place Q near enemy tower
Ok rex
And they always either use that pull through to trade or have it as a kill threat during a concede
How many steps does the shen have to do in order to achieve this state
So you’re right b/c you are in masters games and I’m not :(
And how many steps does the gp have to do to win this
No
It's just how you're SUPPOSED to play
It's not like everyone puts it in practice
But I just see it more frequently in my games
I feel like if the entire thing comes down to a specific point of time you can just tell jg to be there
No, cause you can trade with him during that window and dive him yourself too if you take ignite
Which you should
I can give you a couple videos of this too
Like I'm not talking through my ass here
Please do yeah
I can just link videos of this
Watch where he places first Q
Wait so we could do the same for gp right
We could also search sample size for how often gp can gain advantage from this lane yea
This one is scuffed because they traded before the video
But the Q placement still applies
And here's Petu doing it
But he had to leash
So he concedes and goes in on 3rd
How does Shen hit 2 off of 6 minions in the first clip
But I would use Petu's example with scrutiny
2nd one they’re already down hp
ward
that's why I said it's scuffed
But my point is the Q placement at lvl 1
And why it matters
Why are you nitpicking this when I'm literally showing you how you're meant to play the lvl 1?
Because you wanted to see an example?
Even if it's not the specific scenario I described, the way you're meant to play is the same exact thing
Yeah the gp in the 3rd video is dogwater
True
Yeah, that's why I said to watch it with scrutiny.
But the concept still applies
Trade on 3rd wave
I really wanna know the answer to this
Post lvl 2
I already told you?
Im genuinely so confused
I already told you tho
^
He didn’t have ward cs tho?
Check team cs
Not his cs
Wait the ward message literally doesn’t show for me Lmao discord moment
Ok rex can I ask you something
I click on the replied message and it just freezes my screen
Lmao, Discord is cucking you
Go ahead
I mean it also looks like in the first video gp lost b/c the level 2 got him by surprise I don’t think it shows much
A lot of the challenger replay videos like that are just examples of everything going right for one player and I really don’t like using them for matchup knowledge in general
I didn't show you these videos to see how Shen wins lane
I showed you them on what Shen is supposed to do
Bot#8380 ❤️
Which is what you wanted to see no?
I used to try to watch them instructionally but there’s always like 2 or 3 things that happen that abstract them so far from a normal game
First video
No I wanted to see specifically the style of play you described
Shen hitting level 2 before gp expects it and getting an insane trade off on him isn’t really something you can depend on
Shen Q is at lower 2nd bush
If GP uses passive
In this case he took Q
You can pull through and trade
2nd one
GP takes barrel
They both traded before hand
But a GP with barrel will win an extended trade
So why isn't he moving up regardless?
3rd one
Right but in both videos there’s stuff that went on beforehand to allow these conditions to occur, it’s not really an ideal game State
Shen concedes 1st wave and 2nd wave
Goes in on 3rd
It's not in the scenario I described
But parts of them are literally right there
Also your argument was that there’s no counterplay for gp if Shen does this and I just don’t believe that
If it played out completely perfectly
I think really good gps have a way around it
Then everything would be linear in the way I described
And I'm saying that the game state isn't what makes the videos worthwhile, it's what they do specifically in regards to their abilities in the early levels
The concepts are still there
Right but how do I know they work?
The execution is just different because of different circumstances
Which is every game
Because not every game is the same no?
Right but all the scenarios in which Shen wins it’s because of outside factors and I was asking if there’s 0 counterplay for gp to which you said yes
If a champ gets a favorable level 1 trade or hits an unexpected early level 2 that can flip a lot of really onesided matchups
Hoping Avery just says Darius slams Shen it would be really funny
Watching the podcast at gremlin hours but I’m p sure that bean > Avery take was mine or beans xD. And I implore you to look at the Avery vs Adam record
Will do :joesalute:
Sigma male ignoring this entire Convo xd
Yeah I think it’s can just be ended here
Bookended it
Are you factoring in ease of execution or doesn't matter
I don't know what to tell you other then I've seen it multiple times in my games.
I can try giving you videos
But they only show specific components of what I said
Maybe when Petu smurfs in diamond shen beats Darius
I believe you that it happens
Why would I factor in ease of execution?
Riven is harder than Darius
I just don’t believe you that there isn’t counterplay to it
Does that mean Darius counters Riven?
@Avery ^
Even head to head but you have better statlines
I meant on achieving the lane states you are describing
Is it easier for gp or shen to get to the lane states you are describing
How many things have to go right for shen vs gp, etc
Neutral
How many actions is shen taking vs gp
How much knowledge do they have to have
Etc
Other than placing Q behind and E'ing him or doing a Q pullthrough and then doing a Q pullthrough again?
Not much
Knowledge?
Massive jg diffs in the games you best Adam tho…
Shen needs more to understand how to concede and when to go
GP? Needs to do more in regards to input to win
Knowledge? Still needs knowledge
Mason, I don't factor in ease of execution for this reason
Bot#8380 jacob trying to not that
I just argue that both players are playing optimally
Irl footage me watching podcast it just sounded like I was potentially being slandered and wanted stats behind it LMAO
LMAO
Based on vibes Adam has felt way harder to play into than you, but he also gets more resources so it’s hard to say obviously
Bro also costs more points so u may be the much better value proposition
I wanna see y’all play though I think it’s a fun matchup to watch
Then idk what to say. Maybe I'll record it in my games if I see it, but I rarely do.
Not sure if it will happen to not tho
Since nobody plays Shen anymore
People play Malph more than Shen in this elo if they wanna play for team
How so
Also you listed like 5 things after that xd
Barrel timing, conscious of Shen Q position, conscious of wave position, knowing what to Q, knowing jungle position, etc
I’ll bring it back
Shen literally just has to concede first wave and attack on 3rd
Isn't that more simple
Wave is under your tower
So you aren't going to worry about a gank
And you can take a favorable trade with Q pullthrough or E-Q
Do it
I would play GP against you but my GP is not good enough
You again said very simply after listing a numerous amount of stuff
Also knowing jg position isnt relevant here right
Kind of is because of wave position
But I guess we can ignore this point
Mason, I listed a lot of stuff because people kept nitpicking points instead of the overall purpose which I never strayed from
Concede 1st wave
Fight on 3rd
Place Q behind enemy (tower or 2nd brush)
Do short trades with Q pullthrough or E-Q
And kill on either 3rd wave or on E-Q
I'm just asking for the conditions of your hypothetical right
And what does gp have to do to win here right
Concede cannon wave and sack almost 100 gold, or take a trade and either take a losing reset or just pray that you dont get dived on stack
If we're incorporating jungle
Then ask Jungle to push so you get a cheater reset
Its one of the reasons why I tell you to try maining toplane
So then the gp has to do 1 thing vs shens 3 to have a gamestate that the gp wins in right
I don't know why you're nitpicking this and there are 3 things that he can do
Cuz he has 2 options here from your hypothetical
I'm using your hypothetical here
I'm just asking for the boundaries of this scenario yea
It's not nitpicking this is your hypothetical
It is though
I stated three things GP can do in this scenario
Shen has three things to do
Yea but how many can he execute on
3?
Options are not the same as things you need to do right
Either sack wave, take a trade for the gold and either 1. Reset 2. Pray you dont get dived
So you have 2 options and 2 things to do rigj
And this is in aim of getting a favorable state right
No, it's in the aim of just going through Shen early game
Because GP is forced to push
But the favorable state is getting through shens early game right
If you mean by favorable state that GP gets to survive early and get ER later on? Then yeah
But you can't call this situation a favorable state Mason
Cuz that's the only state where shen is favored correct?
In lane? Yeah
You're also vulnerable after you push out 3rd stack
But after the 2nd 3rd stack
You're fine
Ok so in this situation gp has to do 2 things where shen has to do 3 right
Waves reach lane in around 32 seconds (if we're talking about mid point)
after 2nd 3rd stack is after 3~4 minutes
So you are vulnerable for 3~4 minutes
Like I said it's 3
Mason, what is your point with this?
Just because they have things that they can do and can't do
It doesn't make the matchup favorable or unfavorable
I should rephrase this
To be clear I asked Rex what matchups he wouldn’t call skill matchups and he said none
I think it’s best to just give up :)
Nah I got time xd
I said none in regards to how a person can play it
There are blatantly favored matchups
Hence why I questioned your Aatrox ban
When your toplaner was going to pick Renekton
I’ll just start picking gp and banning Shen
If your top laner decieved me with his W
Is Matchup being easier to execute not mean it's one side has to be more skillful in executing
And instead pressed "s" or anything to cancel the animation
To make me use my E
Then he would've won
And the less decision making needed to execute means easier right
That is skill
But does that mean it's not favored on my side?
No
Cuz you have less opportunities to mess up yes
I guess we just have fundamentally different meanings of skill lmao
You got it rex you are a higher rank than me so your word is bond
👍
Mason, I'll give you an example
You know what matchup I consider easier?
I, masters player, have skill, you, villager low, do not
Jax into Darius
True ig
But Jax kit and Jax data is favored towards Jax
Is this not your subjective experience for an objectively measurable stat
Yeah, and that's bias
But you know why it's easier for me?
Because all I have to do
Is time my E on his E or his Q
Does that mean it's simple just because I only have to do ONE thing?
No
Do you see my point?
So you feel like the matchup is even because it feels even for you right
No, I prefer going into jax despite it being skill based / jax favored
And that's just my bias
Like you said
I only have 1 job to do in this match up
Ok so
But it's not easy
Shen just had to win lane which his kit is favored to do into gp
And that's why it's even
I'm guessing here but idk
Specifically in that 3 to 4 minute interval
Yeah
3 to 4 minutes isn't short
during those few minutes
It's just relatively simple to punish a GP accordingly and play towards your wincon
Ok but can you see how this is an objectively flawed way to look at the statement "gp shits on shen"
How?
Because objectively we have shown you with data that gp does indeed shit on shen
And I have shown you data that Shen shits on GP the higher you go
And that data was denied
When/where
But you want me to accept the data presented by you?
^
Yeah I swear to god
You guys don't bother reading
I can pull this up on League graphs too if you want
usually i read logs but i cant
LMAO don't bother
It literally says low sample size with a big warning
Why do you think?
I don’t think relying on a website who tells you not to use their data is a good source
I mean it masters plus its gpfavored on 55 games tho
51% wr?
The Shen + GP match up isn't something you rarely see
Right but you can’t just say “it’s rare so low sample size is fine”
Yeah below 50 games
Challenger is 50%
Even on both sides
4 games
Right he’s just saying you can just say whatever like
Yes you presented a number but it’s not useful
And that's why I posted this after the Reddit post because it was a year old so you didn't want to use that data since it was outdated?
Even back then it was low
Right
I seriously don't understand these nitpicks
It’s hard to have data for this matchup in turbo high Elo
Just because of how statistics work
This isn’t a nitpick this is just basic data science
So if you don't wanna use data from a decent sample size aka diamond
We are arguing abt subjective feelings right
Diamond+ it’s 57% for gp
But again small sample size so I’m not just relying on it
Want to see a larger sample size then?
D+
Including D4 and D3
Where they cant control wave
Overall win % is lower than Shen
Lane win % is higher
Gp has a 57% wr into shen tho
Overall win% lower
Lane win % even
Rex ^
You guys..
Can't read either I guess
You're reading
Lane win %
REX WE ARENT TALKING ABOUT LANE
WE ARE NEVER TALKING ABOUT LANE
Then look at the win % next to it on the left
57%!!!
Instead of coming at me like this
49.7%
What?
Tbf I've just been arguing for
Gp shits on shen
Diamond+
Masters sample is nothing
And it's statistically true in diamond plus
And that's why I even included the Diamond one
Despite it including D4 and D3
And the overall win % is still 49.7%
Right! The one where gp wins 57% of games
Right gangplank has a 49.7% winrate in Diamond
Ergo gp shits on shen
What does that have to do with Shen
The original point
It shows the 49.7% as a reference for what the 57% means
Yeah mb, I misread that
Triple checked graph UI
You're right
I was nitpicking your argument cuz I was trying to figure out ur terminology
What takes skill to you and whatnot right
1.37 delta 2 means its good
I'm aware of delta values
LMAOOO
Thanks an much love
I'm checking the analytics
Most of these are based on TP
Instead of ignite
uhm achskhally all matchups are skill matchups. matchup winrates are cope for bad players who cant just be better
I see the issue, but alright
Real
All the spells and items I described in the scenario I used are positive winrate
Ignite flash 51% in this matchup
Tabi pre 10 min
50.53
But I guess it doesn't matter since this data doesn't want to be considered
what is the sample size
149 Emerald +
Not D2
149?? thats nothing
D2 sample size is basically nonexistent
that could be like
one player
Ok but if we’re saying this then you also have to make sure that gp starts the right items and abilities
Can’t just do it for one side
if one guy on shen always shits on like 4 other gangplanks that doesnt mean anything about the matchup
Every game where Shen does everything right and gangplank maybe does things right is innately Shen favored
Because it’s a biased sample
Sure, but Shen in D2+ in this matchup
entirely possible that theres one guy who takes ignite and rushes tabis
Cannot be considered also because of low sample size
Right
and its that guys winrate
Winrates are overwhemingly in favor with this low sample size in D2+
Possibly, but that's the correct way to play Shen into GP
also also when you get to high elo basically every champ with any playrate has a positive winrate because you have to have a positive winrate to get to high elo
You want to abuse the early window you have to kill him
yeah sure
Right but you’re only considering a small subset of Shen games but including ALL gp games
Not true, otherwise GP would conversely have a higher winrate in the reverse scenario
It’s going to include a lot of Shen vs non-gp players
shen players who definitely know what theyre doing into gangplank will win more into gp players who maybe know what theyre doing into shen
Not necessarily
But that would be a contradiction because Shen cannot have a positive if GP is positive
Yeah, and Shens that dont know what they're doing into GPs that dont know what they're doing.
I already established that ignite is correct
But people are going TP in favor
Rex your grip on data science is really troubling me
What? It's basic mathematics
Yeah and you’re getting it wrong
you cant make any conclusions based on 149 datapoints when there are this many variables
^^^^^^
especially when youre looking at such a small pool of players
Yeah, and that's why we have to scrutinize the data no?
Also if we are taking positive subsets in the way that would benefit your conclusion of course they are going to look good
Yes but you have to understand the consequences of what you’re doing when you modify the data
Dean
lowering the sample size by focusing on one variable makes it even worse tbh
Reverse the data sets then
Do you know the winrate for Shen when GP has TP?
its 45.5%
Conversely his winrate with ignite is higher
how many unique players do you think this dataset includes
Why? Because it gives GP a better early game vs Shen which is his only threat
Who’s winrate with ignite is higher
GP
So both of them do better with ignite
Does that mean anything
Shen does better with TP
its equally if not more likely that its actually because the summoner spells are correlated with specific players who individually are better at the matchup
Shen still has positive with ignite
But that's comparing with the mass data of GP with TP
And concerning GP
That's with GP possibly having ignite vs TP
or ignite vs ignite
We don't know the variables provided
So there's no way to know
Right
So none of this means anything
Except for the tabis
But the sample size is too low
So that's not considered either
So I guess yeah
Like I said
This matchup is rare
Item winrates are super misleading
None of these champs are in the meta this split
Because the amount of games in which Shen would have built tabis but the game ended before he could afford them isn’t factored in
So games where Shen has more gold are factored in at a higher percentage
And that's why I'm saying it's not considered
And before that we established that variables aren't provided
So this means nothing
Which is why I leaned more towards personal experience
And how the matchup specifically plays out in the early
Which I showed videos of showing components of how it works
But the specific scenario described doesn't exist
^
ok then say that
Yeah and I said that data was denied
So we never used that as a metric in our argument
Until you asked where I provided this
?
"the matchup doesnt feel that bad if you take ignite and rush tabi"
I don't understand your point
thats a valid thing to say
You weren't here for this An
But my point was
That Shen wins early, GP wins late
No it was that gp doesn’t destroy Shen
No one disagreed with this
Shen can have an easier time winning through lane if he wins the early game interval provided regardless of how much GP farms
And depending on how GP plays the lane
It is favored towards him or Shen
And depending on how Shen plays it
It favors him or GP
So I argued that it was a skill matchup primarily because of this 4 minute interval where either side can play towards what they excel at
Because after that
GP just farms
Shen just roams
GP has the potential to 1v9
Shen cannot
GP has the potential to not 1v9 because Shen has ahead team
But these variables are random
So I focused on the early lane aspect
Everyone's point was that GP shits on Shen in general
Which I denied
That was the gist
Basically if Shen kills GP on 3rd wave and gets Tabis
He is free to stack a wave and either dive with his jg or roam
If GP manages to survive the 3rd and 6th stack
Which you argued gangplank has 0 counterplay to
Then he is free to farm
this is true of most champions
I argued that there's no counterplay to Shen trading with him during these stacks
Which I can link again
yeah man the matchup is actually pretty good. you just have to solokill at level 3
That’s literally not what I asked you
GP is forced to push
For the 1st and 2nd wave
If you’re answering questions I’m not asking that’s not my fault
Then what is your question then Dean?
This is a much better summary of the argument ironically
Because I can link you back to how you agreed with Blake no?
I asked if Shen has the q setup that you wanted does gp have no counterplay to avoid being killed
To avoid being killed? Then yes
To avoid being behind?
Then no
You didn't ask about killed
You asked if there was any counterplay to this in general
Which I replied no
GP will be behind early if both sides play correctly
That's just how it's meant to go
Of course variables play a factor
But in theory if everything was perfect
Then GP doesn't really have a choice other than to concede on 3rd and 6th stack to stay healthy
But you then said that Shen and gp are even if Shen gets steelcaps early off of this plan which I still don’t think is set in stone
or take a short trade with Shen and try to either thin wave so that he doesn't get dove, or pray that the enemy jungler is stupid or the trade didn't chunk him too much
If Shen kills on 3rd wave then it's boots + cloth
and GP loses 4 waves
He cannot buy Sheen
Seems like even if both players are playing well there’s a lot of scenarios where Shen could not get tabis which you’ve conceded means gp meets his win con and Shen doesn’t
So that is still an advantage for Shen
Yeah, and that's because of Shen roam
It factors in everything
Bot#8380 i beat them up lets say but that't think you talking about the table for sure
And not lane state pre 6
I don't argue post 6
I argue pre 6
youre talking about the table for sure
No Rex is correct about the read on the table
i beat you up
Bro the table literally says gold generation at 15 min
Gp has a lot more money than Shen and singed b/c they sac gold to help team
6th wave isn't even at 15 min
It's way b4 that
this table
Oh lmao
Nah im with you then an
Mb
ty
My point was
Right but what if he doesn’t kill on 3rd wave
Due to how this lane specifically plays out on 3rd wave and 6th wave
Does he still get steelcaps
It is a skill based match up
No, he just buys cloth and does a cheater recall
Forcing the GP to either take a freeze or waste TP
Either option is unfavorable to him
I would argue that most matchups that are considered skill matchups depend on a whole lot more than 2 waves
every matchup involves player skill and matchup knowledge
It's not two, it's technically 8 since cannon counts as 2
that doesnt make every matchup even
I'm aware
Especially when 1 champ wins every scenario when those 2 waves don’t go well for the other champ
What.
theres a correct gameplan for shen
I told you
3rd wave and 6th wave is kill zone
that doesnt mean shen wins
You can’t just say the wave counts as 2 waves
That wasn't my point
My point was that each of these champs have different conditions to win
yeah and gps are easier
which is why he wins the matchup
There are 2 key points in time where Shen needs to make something proactive happen and if he doesn’t gp wins
That’s not skill
That’s gp favored and Shen has counterplay
It’s skill-based counterplay sure but that’s not what a skill matchup is
its not literally 100-0 matchup
That is skill tho because you're manipulating wave state
Yeah but that's what they were arguing for
????
???????????????
At literally no point did we ever say that
What the fuck
and youre accusing anyone else of being unable to read
Want me to link what Blake said?
Ya'll were the ones that agreed with him
Yeah tell me where he said 100-0
That GP shits on him overall
overall includes early state
im going to go eat i cant do this anymore this is worse than the roleswaps
Overall doesn’t mean 100 times out of 100
Significantly
youve stolen almost an hour from me
Overall literally just means in summary
5 hours from me and mason
Bro weve been at it for 5 lmao
i couldve played a game in the time that this took
ok thats on yall
Overall to me implies that he also wins early
I'm just hanging out
ur insane
Baldurs gate 1v9
real
Overall doesn’t mean “at every point”
And to me it does?
It means the exact opposite of that actually
it kinda means the exact opposite actually
yeah
Because overall encompasses all parts of the game in my book
That's the worst definition of overall but sure lmao
Ok so we have been arguing for 5 hours because you didn’t bother to clarify our point?
yes, encompassing all parts of the games, as a whole
Possibly?
holistically
Yes
my god
Rex ur so smart babe
You assumed what we were talking about and at points told me what I was thinking and you were just wrong
you saw people saying gp beats shen and thought they meant shen literally cannot win anything ever if gangplank is in the game
I don’t want to hear that we aren’t trying to understand your point or nitpicking when we literally were trying to figure out how you were disagreeing with our point
if you pick gp the shen player gets dcd
No they just said GP shits on Shen
Here a palette cleanser for you all
Then I argue about early game
Then it was argued that even at that point GP wins
So how can I not make that assumption?
It wasn’t? It was it’s hard for him to lose and even if he does it’s not a big deal
You assumed first therefore you lose /s
That was our point there
Anyways go watch rex get outplayed by a gold player in the clip
I’ve also told you multiple times that we agreed with you saying Shen could win early
^
Dean, I'm literally going with the point that was established in the beginning
I never strayed from this
That was sent an hour into the conversation
No? Because you had your doubts remember
So I clarified multiple times
I never said he couldn’t just said it wasn’t guaranteed
I’ve always agreed that Shen can win early
Link me to a single instance
Cause I don't remember
Link me to when I said he couldn’t?
Link me to when you told me you agreed that he wins early
Cause I never read anything in this context
You say everyone agreed multiple times
But tbh, the only person that did was Blake at the end.
And even he was still skeptical
Which I said was fair
I can even link it if you want
In regards to that Blake message I don’t fully agree with everything he said in it but I also never said I did or even referenced it later on
1st one isn't agreeing, it's disagreeing. Second one was you thinking nobody was disagreeing when there were a couple including Blake which I argued with in the beginning. Third I read this in a neutral context
I double checked these
No, im saying that Shen needs to force a mistake out of gp in the early game, which implies it can be done.
And that wasn't my point
Shen playing it correctly would probably result in that happening
So I clarified it remember?
Right I said I agreed with you that Shen could win early
And you said I didn’t
Im still not sure where I said Shen can’t win early
Because you didn't?
I clarified it where GP doesn't have a choice
Bot#8380 why wouldn're playing with si sorry. are brothers ultimate bravery ur team side are you out like the new patch notes
Because he needs to push out
And concede on 3rd or 6th
And then was nitpicked on how I'm basing it off of GP being greedy for a cannon
Even though that wasn't the case
Because a 3rd stacked wave presents opportunities to Shen to 1. Dive 2. Trade 3. Cheater Recall
Which was my point
And then was asked if there was any counterplay to this
Which I thought meant is there anyway to be even or ahead to this
And I said no
You're meant to be gold negative in this scenario
If both sides play correctly
Im glad you can explain your point over and over again 50 times without attempting to understand what the other people in the conversation are saying
Im done talking about this
Dean, context matters.
I can't assume that it's just simply agreeing
Maybe you were
I don't know
But the context of it is on a disagreeing basis, ergo, you even state that it's inbalanced in GP's favor in this case
Which I clarified

@Rex would you agree that everyone else was talking about one thing you are talking about something else
I don't know? Possibly?
The answer is yes brother lmao
It's ok tho
The whole argument in general was on how it is GP favored.
I just said it was skill based due to how early game plays out which was why I couldn't agree completely.
Agreed with post reaver, disagreed with pre reaver
And you were fixated on early game skill vs us talking abt overall skill matchup yea?
Because overall skill matchup is way too based on luck?
Shen hinges on team
GP does not
Separate game plans
So I couldn't use that in my argument but was eventually forced to include it
Ok I do not wanna wander back into that patch of weeds lmao
But sure you could argue thst
Yeah, hence why I didn't want to use it
Its way too different and random to be used
I disagree with the random part but eh
It's random in the case of Shen
Cause the way he plays is just unique
Similar to how TF plays
Yea it's why he could be favored in a draft that has set up for shen sure but that's a draft thing lmao
You play 100% for the team and not yourself
But the team itself is a variable you cant control
So you cant really use that as a fact in your argument
You could argue for it sure
But it's still a random variable determined by luck
Yeah, but I didn't argue for draft because of that
I argued lane
And how early game states benefits Shen more
Specifically for 3rd and 6th cannon waves
I mean it is just gp favored overall right? Overall meaning not at every point just overall in summary
If we ignore the team and just focus on pure gold generation / carry potential?
I agreed with Blake on this too
Yea
But if we consider lane as a whole?
Then Shen just wins early if played correctly
Isn't that the point of gp tho
It is, and that's why I said that their wincons are just too different in the beginning.
And shen doesn't always have the tools to combat it at every point of the game right
Shen hinges on team, GP hinges on himself.
Yea sure
Shen has the tools to combat early
GP doesn't
GP has the items to combat mid / late
Shen doesn't
Unless Shen is racist like me when I played Kench and specifically bought items for GP only
But that's unlikely
My point was depending on how Shen uses that early window, he just has more opportunities to hemorrhage either GP's wallet or donate money to the team.
So gp wins at 2 stages of the game, shen wins at 1, so overall is a good indicator right?
Or word to use when we say gp wins overall
Mason, that's like saying Udyr is better than Kha'zix.
I mean khazix beats udyr at almost every stage so dunno ur point lmao
But that's not the point here
Udyr wins at mid and late point vs just Kha'zix
Kha'zix wins the early
Khazix kinda wins mid
Which is the same as GP
Without snowballing? No
If both sides were equal
It's Udyr favored
Jg is also a lil less linear than top so
Regardless of AP or AD
I'm aware
I just used it as an example
If we're just using game states
You could say Udyr is better than Kha'zix overall in this regard
Which everyone else was btw
But they have different ways of playing
We are literally just talking about 2 different things it's ok
But like
Isn't early game a part of the game?
It's literally what I abuse with my entire champ pool
Yea but you are acting like late and mid are not no?
No?
You are talking about only early everyone else is talking about overall
Because I mentioned that post reaver is GP favored
That's not even mid game
Because
As a snowball player I instinctly understand how you impact everything else through early game
And you know this by the way I play
So of course I focus on this aspect
Because that's where my interest lies and that's what I'm most proficient in / know the most
Brother you are focusing on something that nobody else was talking about
That was my point
And that's what I said was wrong
Because disregarding early game
Ok so we have reached parity
Early game is important yea
Isn't the correct thing to do to consider a matchup
Am I wrong?
If you disregard the early game for every matchup
How many Darius matchups would be unfavorable
I never strayed from the point where it's just a skill based matchup when you incorporate this early game.
Never talked about mid or late because there was no point because I already established that it's GP favored / team dependent (which is by pure luck so not considered).
Reason why I continued was because Blake denied this early aspect as well
Saying that it wasn't favored towards Shen which I argued against
I'm not sure if I was either reading it wrong or everyone was just on the wrong page but
This is my point and I never strayed away from it
It is of my opinion that it's skill based just because of this early aspect
That's just what it is
Maybe I'm being stubborn as fuck but, I never really read anything else even when double checking.
Thought everyone was on this point by the way everyone talked.
So you say the matchup is skill based just because of the early game right?
Yeah
Ok
So I will say this once more
Doesn't gp win mid to late
Yeah
Like we were saying
Do these points in the game take skill to you
Yeah
Ok so overall in the 2 other states of the game that take skill according to you, gp is favored yes
Yeah
So out of the 2/3 metric we have here, gp is favored overall yes?
If we're going with that yeah
But like I said
Ok cool
That is what we have been talking about
Early game impacts those two other game states no?
That was my point
I agree
Yes
coming up on 8 hours now
Cool balance has been restored
Nah started at 1:30 dw
Only 6
I am the last man standing
Started before that
I think
Eat my ass rex
Impossible to scroll up that far anyway
❤️
That's only because you've known me longer
Started at around 11:40 from what I remember
so its nearing 5 hours
1:30 real person time
Get that pacific shit outta here
Glad we figured it out
You're just mad that you don't live in the shit hole that is California
No I’m pretty happy that I don’t live in a shit hole actually
Honestly though Mason
If this was old me
I wouldn't have agreed with you to the bitter end
Oh I know
I miss the old me
Was more based
?
No
Wtf
Yes
Nay brother reformed rex is better
u cant be saying this homie
Traumatic childhood op dw
There we go
Anyways, I had my reasons
Have you guys been arguing about the game for legit 3 hours?
Do you guys ever sleep?
My God
I'd ask what could possibly be so interesting about this video game to prompt a five hour discussion about it, but I also don't want it repeated, so I won't.
all you need to know is that gp beats shen
Cool
nah @Joel ask rex wha overall means

Why was this a 6 hour conversation

truly a mystery

I would argue a 5 hour discussion on why the fuck that convo needed to be 5 hours would be much more interesting
Real
Did anyone learn anything?
I'm the fucking best
That's what we learned
I learned a minute amount of matchup knowledge in a matchup that’s never played
I also learned that when Rex starts typing I should stop
Wait why did we delete that certified banger
Scrimbo is getting racy
No, you just need to talk to me the way Mason does and narrow it down to a yes or no question
Cause otherwise it just turns endless
Yeah I probably won’t do that
So it’s easier to not get involved
It’s a miracle I woke up for work
Wait
Dean stayed up for 5 hours or whatever of that instead of going to sleep for work?
You got me effed up
Tbf he also fucked up his sleep schedule so if that's any solace lmak
Bot#8380 anon hit
Also don't expect people to do that shit for you bruh I only do it cuz I know xd

Wasn’t working
Listening to Rex takes on league usually knocks me right out

when TFT scrims
i am so fucking good

I forget but there's an admin in charge of that I think
tft is the superior game mode
im addicted
altho kinda washed
i hit GM on set 1 LMAO

Prestige teemo ryze mixup
Rose quartz teemo
this was one of the dumbest comps ive eve rpalyed
randomly found bel veth 2 at like level 8 and turned her into ionia
machine gun bel veth
one shot enemy tank lmao
a guy i know found Senna 2 in 3 shops at level 7
same slot
sheesh
rteminds me of when i found karthus 2 at level 6 one time 🙂
no joke
craziet game of my life
this was back a number of sets ago
i forgot how long
but karthus was a 5 cost back then
jesus
ik that Senna 2 in 3 shops occupying the same slot has odds of like
0.000000001953125%
i like the new set so far
it feels v refreshing

haven't played it yet
i need to study for an exam though 😔

i just run the same three comps lmao
karma invoker :3
ew
i was never a karma invoker playe
cring
im a big big fan of the warwick augment from last set
idk if its still a thing anymore
but that was funny as fuck
i'm not sure if it replaced Warwick but I think there's a new galio one
it's so bad.

Just watched the podcast
Man are my takes based
didn't remember them until I watched
Every tft game I cook up a malicious brew and then lose when it doesn't work
I hate meta
Drop them in the court of public opinion
The three that all came in a row
I've got a streak
That

Pinned a message.
Mvp for damage, alarm clock, torture taxi? @Joel
I am a funny boy
What can I say
i made to gold by playing everything except top

based'
gg
Dude….
LMAOOOOOOOOOOO
@Alex much love ❤️
BROTHER WE DUOED YESTERDAY  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/09/24 午前 01:40] _krispiez LMAO
HOW
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
i have brain illness

guys
lets not be so mean
mason has an old soul
and brain
:3

i think the better question is why are you talking about alex 🙂

crazy andromeda slander actually @Jar

It *was* 2am
But also I gotta send that shit b/c y’all are playing tmrw
Builds hype

i'm gonna put mason in a retirement home
this is what happens when you play master yi jg:
Real as f
Bro you play 1 game of master yi and suddenly ur the bad guy
I'm the victim here
can someone pull up a screenshot of mason's m7 master yi
Bro everyone got a past bruh
and a present ⁉️
I'm a lili one trick bruh
:clueless:
💀
I'm washed
How good is that ivern champie icon tho
its called being washed cuz its what happens when the time you used to spend getting one more game in starts being used to shower
???
I showered everyday regardless sis idk
i think the new routine should be play a game take a shower repeat
then every time you did anything in a game you could say "yooo im so clean"
LMAO
LMFAO!
deadass shower routine ? @Jar
side note: i want a dean day in the life
see what happens
the ending is just dean sitting in a leather chair with a glass of whiskey (neat) and putting his hands in his head

Twice a day if I work once a day if I didnt
What
for how long
Like 3-5 mins
Don't really use shampoo in both but body wash on both lnao
Huh
ur crazy girl
Huh

3-5???? how
^^

Based
Referring to ivern icon my discord bugged
Rocks sorry
FUCK
Mason doesn’t have long hair tm
Makes showers fast
My life is mad boring tho idk if that’s the content we need
5 mins is still crazy even if ur not washing ur hair
dean cooking stream?
9-5: program in bed (work) 5-6: scroll ig 6-9: program at desk (fun) 9-12: scrims probably 12-9: sleep
Eat somewhere in there
I like this more yeah
The long hair shower problem
:chadjack:
Fucking 20 minutes just for hair
6-9 is sometimes sports
i have long hair for a dude lmao
I like sports
dean, however, is bald (joe rogan)
Same but not long enough for it to be an issue
Real
wait is the implication 3-5 is too short or too long lmao
short
wtf
ah well
idk go faster
jump in and out
pressure washer
car wash conveyor belt
LOL
skill issue
so ive been told
how long does hair have to be for it to take a while lmao
i get the hair clumps in shower problem so its not that short xd
idk ask an
LMAO
i got ratty ass dead hair so that shit takes a while
my hair is nice and volumptious so

i like sports and idc who knows

Bro I'm in public you gotta mark this is a spoiler
ur ballsy for opening dicord in public
once i opened up discord during class and i lifted my laptop up to a freddy fazbear humping the screen gif
i think sent by blake
of course

alright.

It looks like a hippo is sniffing the screen

^
Alright who wants to start the scrims betting ring  {Reactions} missing  [2023/09/24 午後 08:45] jeandones @Russ draft starts 10 minutes after the game time specified in announcements

also draft links should only be for links and draft corrections
Fighting!! gl to both teas
Fighting!
glhf @New York Nut Busters
u2!

I'll partake

gg
🔥

CLose game guys
Seriously tho GG @Spectres
Ggs
@Spectres
ggs guys
gg
gg! @New York Nut Busters
gg
yeah gg
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeh
uhuh
close series
was abanger
for sure
!
he's not mad
tm
gg!
^
^
^
ggs uwu
Keep this in gen chat please
Bot#8380 just came to play any damage from hs classes
Will holding back his team currently lmfao

@Spectres @New York Nut Busters can someone send postgames? Ty
I believe in Will bringing it back
UMD god will represent :copium:
I meant from typing more in this channel lmao
Bros still the goat

Oh byw
Btw
I was joking
About the way I said gg
Ggs everyone!

My team is great
I let them cook pretty liberally

There was so much debate on the cast about my play last night lmao. I missed the chain on a rooted target cause I’m bad @Dean @Noam
That was the conclusion I reached
Same reason I’ve loss streaked to d2 😫
I still appreciate you tho just had a rough game fs
I will continue to believe Gruer is the second coming of faker and not washed  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2023/09/25 午後 12:18] 8.013 good morning inshallah andromeda will beat metabusters and now go 5-0
i’m gonna have a good time and no ones gonna stop me!!!
rooting for you guys bestie

god i would to horrible things to and for lillia
i hate you i hate you i hate you i hate you i hate you
bros doxing goverment names crazy
true oops

scrimzone getting added to gol :poggi:
scrimzone results added to leaguepedia :poggi:
scrimzone players getting leaguepedia pages :poggi:
is that pennyforhisthoughtsjak
its one of them

@Stanley @Noam lmk when rosters are in pls ty
done \:)
Ours is main so it should be in already
I think thats how it works @Dean ?
enter it every time
because swapping to the team early is misleading
if we arent sure of roster
but i can do it for you
also @Stanley make sure side select and draftr links are in
@Noam we take RED game 1
send draft links
or be punished

THEY DID THE TWITTER TECH

same roster
can i have postgame
that doesnt work
has to be in match history
i have become dependent on stanleys tool
ope
dean has an addiction
i mean i could do it the other way but
this ok?
yes
where are you getting these
my hard drive
i mean the loss comic where someone is ripping out guts
thats how im feeling
the "homework" folder
picture yourself as such
(first name youer)

gg
ggs
ggs
ggs
ggs!
gg
gg
posts when possible
@PB sorry king next series
before the edit that was a bit toxic
my emerald 1 ass is scared you already know
LMFAO
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
i saw that shit
its okay man
@Sarvaris the correct answer is i told him to pick them so he did
my goat, the draft king @Jar
nah rex saying he could make alana 1/20/0 is VILE
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO
theres no proof
surely
rex is the least pr friendly player i've ever played with
^^^^^
this is so funny
holy lmao
"who's on rift sharks" i'm so dead
he hates you dean
rex has no idea who avery is
LMAO
REALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
surely they weren't on the same team last season
:smodge:
^^^^^^^^
this is best postgame all time
@Rex UR STUPID LMAO AVERY WAS ON UR TEAM
what the hell is happening
friendly fire
holy
huge cast boys @Avery @Sarvaris  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2023/09/25 午後 10:52] nomulus pod tonight?
u already know bb
just waiting on hong lol
Huge
everyday i am in agony
Wait this is such a dope pod segment
@Jar MY JUNGLER

i'm super vibing with this
yeah this is hype

mason's guesses are so fucking funny holy

Bro
This podcast
is cancer
WHY AM I GETTING BLASTED
WHILE EVERYONE GETS COMPLIMENTS
NAW
shoutout to mason for throwing my name out
kings love kings
kings loving kings

Why can't I be complimented on my gameplay instead
real talk I think Stav was slandered
Will is good but Stav is absolutely performing on the Twitch
LMAOO
brother ur coping btw
sample size :)
also this mtb team is a little op ngl
\:)
will is playing on -20 points
and still looks solid v often
my team is punished once again for my superior team construction :pain:
my int seasons were all to point sponge for this season

rift sharks collusion to oppress me  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/09/26 午前 03:03] jeandones I ended up with briar feet pfp either way
I’m really not winning in this situation
go to sleep you buffoon
See I got carried over the hump
I was tired between 12-2
I’ll take drugs
(Melatonin)

this was cool asf

That last spectres game
I had negative damage it was so funny
Rip my twitch stats

negative damage????

FIGHTING!

@Valor our roster is in, is yours correct?
yes i changed it to cylako already
wasnt sure
tyu
side select due at 5 so lmk when u know
so hashtag hyped for this series
!
:glasses:
what will mr. briar feet cook!
play nilah no balls ?
5:10 is fine dean if you want to make a link
can you make the link?
i also dont know what side you picked
Surely I enjoy that champion at all  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/09/27 午後 04:59] barisaxxy I can make the links if you give us side select if that would be helpful
as in
you tell me what side you're selecting
sorry bad wording
oh i thought i set it to red
on the website
or does that not matter
I wasn't aware that was a thing you could do, idk what you're referring to
but sounds good i got it king dw
you can but the person with side select should send links to officially announce
theres no way to tell if the side is selected intentionally or not on the roster tool
gotchu fam
my apologies
No skin off my back <3 all good
gl king
Gamers we ready?
to rumble
isnt briar not enabled til next patch
shes live
wait actually
Bot#8380 as my balls never finished the t1 clash :  {Reactions} ❔  [2023/09/27 午後 05:20] swagpiss 😈
@Jar wheres cast bud?
Oh boy must be nice being able to play rell in a game :)
holy shit erik almost moved mountains with that flash
drago is a pooza hater  {Reactions} confusedcat  [2023/09/27 午後 05:39] 8.013 disrespecting ex military? wow.
pooza still my goat i believe  {Reactions} 🖤  [2023/09/27 午後 05:42] swagpiss :MONKERS:  {Reactions} 😂  [2023/09/27 午後 05:42] 8.013 go hullbreak in a corner
doing that rn
listening to a petscop video and jacob's voice while researching about big pharma is a wild time
i think drago is a terrorist
racially motivated
u cant pull this on me i'm literally brown
THIS GAME IS SO GOOD
why does everyone send their best top against me 😂
i mean it entirely depends on what type of brown u are
@Valor what side?
this game is hella spicy
6:03 for draft
apologies  {Reactions} 🖤 (2)  [2023/09/27 午後 05:59] camdotzip HOLY SHIT LITERALLY TO THE LAST SECOND
best player*
aw spoilers dean :(
kinky  {Reactions} 😂  [2023/09/27 午後 05:59] jeandones stay on twitch buddy
im
literally
watching live
right
dont tab into disc
:Joker_Giggle:
IM PARTICIPATING IN SEASON DISCUSSION
:nodean:
brown enough that in school kids asked me if i knew a terrorist
twitch caht !
i dont twitch chat.
redside again
full screen baby.
LMAO
well are you?
i can make links
i dont :(
besides drago now
hullbreaker yone
what other item do i build
HIDIRI???????????????? @Hidiri
i read that wrong
hullbreaker is great here
HOLY SHIT
>:3
@Hidiri sushi helped im sure
she made the call
my goat
my GOAT1
sushi coms
sushi coms!
second easiest game of my life
So sad I'm not seeing this live
Also Cam literally hates me I asked him a question 4 hours ago and he still hasn't answered 😔
its ok he ignores my texts for hours at a time too
heroic is so mage pilled
get this mans away from scaling AP dmg
hes addicted!
@Cylako  >:(
I CHOOSE BLIND I SWEAR
thats on me but i made lobby last time and i did same shit i thought lol
nah you good
lol
gl hf
u2 king
or queen
<3
OH MY GOD CAITLYN FROM ARCANE???
if she wasnt british she'd be peak
If she was Lillia she'd be peak
????????
Whats with the question marks
its a simple statement
Yeah lillia is top 3 hottest characters
Lillia > Poppy > The rest
trist def hotter then poppy be real
Stop the Cap
@PB Beat him with hammers
Blake ur missing 2 champs, but I can’t say who they are
Lawyers prevent me
?
Oh ya know
oops

ggs gamers!
GG's indeed
ggs
GGs MVP!
WEE GEES!
That game one gave me a heart attack
Pog Erik mvp
4.5 for me
Morg if I wanna troll
LMFAOOOOO
so based for this

I'm late but ggs to both teams!!
Will watch the game later when I'm not hanging out with my mum
It’s a good series (unbiased)
:clueless:
Who won
Nah I’m offended on Heelies behalf bro
He offered to stream so he could cast with you and your ass fell asleep
nah fr?
mason you're so cring
^
Much love
You know why Mason is sleepy bro?
Cause he keeps playing League at 3 in the morning
i blame rex
I was forced into League by you
And no self-ownership smh
Wdym
I have the 2 biggest jokers in the server on my team
yall scared to let him speak his truth lmao
Rex watch yourself
Sometimes being too honest
Is a detriment to my public image
I consider Mason to be more of a joker
@Heelie brother mb i simply couldnt stay awake
Ok Mr 2nd place
im weak
Something something poppy something something pigtails something something a player has been chat restricted @Sarvaris @Avery
Banger
We played with a yasuo that said some… select things.
Let’s try to keep it pg guys
Y’all are toeing the line here
you would know huh
Toe
Pun was intended yes
Hmm
Camille did some non pg things that game
Camille late game getting that empowered backflip auto to one shot someone.
ITS FOLDY SHEET TIME  {Reactions} deanpog (3)  [2023/09/28 午前 02:58] jeandones SPC has locked playoffs (surprise, surprise)  {Reactions} spectres (6)  [2023/09/28 午前 02:58] jeandones No one is out of contention yet

Michael mentioned the other day that him, Erik O. and Joel have been on the same team for 4 seasons straight
crazy stuff

isn't that just polyamory
so true
i mean im not sure what goes on in andromeda practices ...
:COOLFLUSHED:

andromeda practices is actually just a cult practice
stanley forces us to work on the machine
Me Michael and Joel are brothers in arms
We’ve been on some winning rosters and some uh
Interesting rosters!
We did create one of the best scrims comps of all time

Inspirational roster
need a cat poster w the bois on it for motivation
I can cook something up
would need to obtain the elusive "joel photo"
Oh True
just figured he was a lobster tbh
oh
yeah true

glorious evolution  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/09/28 午後 01:01] Scrim Bot#8380 one outlets fucked your privilege + get blown when draft before first أَٰهَّٰهَسُ أَ مُحَّ مُولُ أَّدُحَشْ لَسُ ٱللَ مُ أَنْهِلَ مُ ٱللَدًا ٱللَشْ لَسُ أَ مُ ٱللَدًا ٱللَّٰهِلَشْهِل
oh fuck its learning

i wish someone would love me the way dean loves his foldy sheets

I would never cheat on foldy sheets
Me cooking drafts for our series vs @Andromeda ^

Dean stop your gonna burn the kitchen
DEAN WATCH OUT THERES BEEN A SECOND DRAFT

@Dean main roster
cool
our info has not change
d'
@Dean not playing faker? Smh
An wasn’t available so we couldn’t
Unlucky tbh

Good luck my fellow Andromedians  {Reactions} disappointed  [2023/10/01 午後 08:00] jeandones r\
Although I hope you perish from this earth <3  {Reactions} disappointed  [2023/10/01 午後 08:01] jeandones @Andromeda starting draft?
yeah
@Alana
gl bestie
gl bestie boo!!!!!!!!!!!

@Stanley side?
red  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/01 午後 08:45] 8.013 red
I have no idea who this is, I just found this searching ":3" in the GIF
oh i thought u just had taste
I mean uh
I'm based
So
tiefling wife
simply put
r
@Stanley  r?
noc >>> rammus into briar
@Jar thoughts?
Best briar counter is belveth imo
At least from my experience
bel sounds good
Rammus just sucks balls into this draft lmao it's so grief here
yeah i think that was RS plan
but i dont think rammus is a good pick into briar
Yea that's why early picking rammus is grief regardless lmao
Yea that was my opinion too
Tbh I think any champ that can kinda neutral the briar while itemizing healcut decently is ok
She requires a lot of setup to shutdown tho lmao it's very annoying
v snowbally champ

no anti into briar morde sera rip
also starting dorans ring snooze
||ggs!||
Fun watch lads lmao
ggs!
gg
<3
hope we made the work shift better
gg's
It was very fun to watch
@Joel interview?
and @Olaf (Erik O.)
@Joel Would u like interview : )

Need her

It's Kha'zix unironically
Briar is weak to burst damage and Briar ends up always isolating
+ if you go R evolve
Anything you R
She goes the other way
And aggro changes to someone else
Belveth can't out run her nor can she outsustain her
Doesn't do enough burst to lock her down either
Ahh interesting
I think bel just scales better and ur e counters her w if you time it rigjt
No, Kha scales better
Kha is one of the best late game assassins in the game by far
Bel can't 1v1 with Briar at any point in the game
She just doesn't have enough damage for it without being utterly stacked
She can at every point I swear
Bot#8380 zed match with friends i brought against non tanks i’t
Meh maybe I'm wrong
You're definitely coping with this one Mason
Also her E doesn't counter her W
Nah bruh you press e during berserk and the briar doesn't heal at all no?
Because Briar E is also a thing
I suppose
You can dash out of her e too
So?
You're not meant to use it for damage
Idk bro people tell me this belveth champ is op
You're meant to use it as a disengage
I know xd
Ok
So we can both agree that
Belveth dashing out her E
Is a pointless statement right
Ok I really don't wanna argue Abt this ngl
Cause a Briar will just E Bel E to cancel it out
Then Briar is 100% at an advantage
What is that rotten piece of sushi going to do?
I played the bleveth side of the mu and it felt decent
Q Belveth while Briar W is eating her wings?
Naw
This is just selective bias no?
Also you know that I play both of those champs more than you and have gone into both those matchups
I've played the briar matchup too and it felt harder to play then the belveth side
It's Briar favored
Idk bro someone check the numbers
Skewed towards Briar
Bel makes more gold but that's mostly due to Bel's ability to snowball better
56% for counter kills is pretty big
I just looked on op.gg tbf not a lot of deep dive
Emerald plus
Ok guys come back to season discussion at 5:00am the convo might be over
Apparently master yi does well too xd
LMAOO
That's why I am desperately trying to drop it now lmao
The trundle mu sounds interesting tho @Olaf (Erik O.) we lab?
Also those briar default runes look ugly af lmao
Trundle makes sense
I played kha into briar it did not feel good :(
i'm game
It feels amazing for me tho
I have yet to lose vs Briar when I play Kha
Too easy to abuse as Kha imo
Have you considered you masters and we are not
Have you considered that you can still be bronze and talk about the game
Yea lmao but then you gotta see champions from a different perspective no
That's fair
Something you suck balls at xd
But isn't considering the Kha matchup from my perspective a good take on what Kha mu on Briar SHOULD be like?
In a perfect world maybe but for average player not at all
That's just knowledge gap tho no?
Like if I teach a Kha player in gold how to play the Briar match up
They will do better because they now know how it works
Because that's how it's meant to be played
If the average player doesn't know the mu, then shouldn't that data be discarded as irrelevant when discussing how favored one over the other is?
I mean maybe but the requires the khazix play to a level they are not at and time typically tends to change mus because of that no
Like matchups arent locked in stone
I mean, yeah, that's true.
But Kha ability directly counters Briar is my point
Especially if Kha ends up going R evolve early
Maybe
Kha Q does enough burst to lock a Briar down
Kha R allows Kha to make Briar waste E so Kha can E in after she does
My point is current data set indicates belveth counters briar in average level play
Yea I can see that
Kha R can be used to make Briar literally move in the opposite direction because targetting doesn't exist anymore and the thing is bugged
Even if no targets exist
She doesn't stand still or the w cancels
Wait that's funny lmao
It just...straight up goes the opposite way
Yeah, it's bugged
Wukong stonks vs briar is up ig
You bait w with clone and she just autos clone
Yeah but Wukong clone still gets pummeled by her
Briar on Kha R makes her go back to where she came from *spits*
Yea
Interesting
Also, W evolve cucks Briar too on standard Kha build
Your CD's are low enough to where you can literally just kite her infinitely around walls
MU is extremely skewed imo

Thanks mason
&moralleaderboard
Bot#8380 Top 5 Most Moral Members Name - Moral Points: Jar - 3643 Garrett H. - 193 Peter - 53 Blake - 37 Ali - 33 List updates everyday when I consult the universe.
It's kinda fucked up really he should get punished or smth surely
> Huh?
:stirring:
Thanks that's the one I needed
We do a lil tomfoolery
Most moral member of scrimzone strikes again
Surely I am not friends with a huge goofball who misconstrues my words
Punished for being funny it's tough out here

Spec 2-0 MB tomorrow on @Jar 's head  {Reactions} metabusters  [2023/10/02 午前 12:24] mason_jars Real
Surely Mason plays tomorrow
I'm being shipped to rift sharks hell
Bro is a bench rider doncha know
I’ll take him Noam
If he’s after 3 titles :riftsharks: is the team for him
Used the emote and everything, damn
Hey captain when are we gonna get this organized
When I get cringe like Dean \:)  {Reactions} 😎  [2023/10/02 午前 12:35] mason_jars LMAO
Just received reports that mason will not be gracing our bench
Take him
I want to 1v1 him in jungle :^=)
we could for sure field a roster with mason
only a bit over
Amongus
LMAO
DEAN sus
the scrim zone shadow cabal keeping me away from my friends
the usual
Dean tampering real? 😒
yep i increased my entire team and masons points for fun
for sure
you increased my points for sure
thats the shadow cabal at work no
me everyday i play in scrims
I meant you trying to whisk away my favorite Udyr one trick
ans right there wdym
an beats me everytime
But An doesn't shit talk me every time I lock in the island role
I need someone to remind me to never do that to myself again. Constantly
(I actually think An played pretty well that game, rest of us were really tilted not her fault)
mason on yi is like super racist too btw
im just a guy
playing my funny lil swordsman character
The answer is simple
5 ban Mason every time you play against MTB even if he isn't playing \:)
based
force mason to learn new champs
for the culture
not even good on my mains bro cmon man
your just the goat

its outta respect
im so washed
Not sure what causes me more distress
3-8 eve or 0-5 renek
Ban it :)
Try eve top and renek jungle
Might help
well it was renek mid
eve mid is probably better than eve top
No eve top is better i know it was renek mid
You go conq
you should be crushed in a hydraulic press for locking either but
Could be true
@Spectres dont prove me wrong thanks <3

Surely we would never

no comment

How updated is foldy sheet @Dean
Current
huge
still showing 2048 scenarios?
is that 2^11?
yes
then yeah
@Noam side select and roster?
@Noam I can do draft links
ur the goat
wait is the game at 8:45
yes
yeash
shit i thought it was 9
no
i was wondering where stream
I still have so much to sort through .....
you can do that inbetween games
do you know roster?
no
or side select?
ok
(im lying)
we want red
😈
Cleaned up 15 gigs today
we are still figuring out roster
xd
I updated our roster
and have us blueside
ours should be in
@Caesarius 855 start?
good for us
@Jar
word
mason is playing?
nice
bump  {Reactions} spectres (3)  [2023/10/02 午後 08:45] mason_jars LMAO
im excited tbh
me too glad you getting to play vs logan
gl hf !
you too king
The ego is crazy here @Jar
LMAO

@Caesarius we take red
can you make or do you want me ot

tuna i think smokes fat blunts only

gg;s guys
ggs
ggs
gg
Bot#8380 i think im not an option on god
gg
ggs ❤️
You broke my 100% winrate this series with the K'sante loss
im not beating the benchrider allegations tho
also gruer broke my will to live with his syndra
Really cool to just be totally dishonest about your reasoning for doing stuff guys :)
Dean had a folder ready for each scenario
Just say you wanna win
wdym bro all our players are getting playtime cmon bruh  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/02 午後 10:56] nomulus I have been completely honest this season
Most moral captain and most moral scrimzone member
I am simply no longer in control!
Hehe
rea;
worst captain NA then
sorry to break it to you
He has usurped noam
It's okay you can remove me for next season
🤡
those nautilus hooks are definitely worth -2 points btw  {Reactions} FireTeal (10)  [2023/10/02 午後 10:59] muryu515 On god
LMAOOO
real
he's realized my plan of inting two seasons in a row to win season 6
IM just going to bed no podcast tn boys sorry
:Bedge:
gn sir
jacob in the botlane:
might change my mind in an hour
being -2 points:
call me beep me, if ya wanna reach me  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/10/02 午後 11:00] .jaspr If you doubt my points check my winrate \:)
jacob insisting hes the worst once more
you dont fool me!
38 percent winrate LOL
i cant wait for when i get my -2 buff
Bot#8380 could abuse it is so many champs in a pet aggro and we gonna
i'll be the next jacob
Jacob is not worth -2 but thats not how points are calc'd
In case anyone who is wondering is reading this
im retired
jacobs worth a million in our hearts  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/10/02 午後 11:02] nomulus 2 straight last place seasons'll do that to you
two seasons
one series win
The system rly wants him at 50% wr
Is the best way to explain i think
so do I!
youre only shooting for 50? :(
go for 52 at least
Roster isn’t legal with a positive points player tbh.
There is a joke in here somewhere
ALANA NO
Hey man one step at a time (or 12 steps)
It is what it is I suppose
alana yes … :)
fair
you can't really think of it as negative points
I think it's like 96 and jacob brings it to 94? Unless im thinking of a different roster
it's really just that I'm the least points and to balance it out w/ the rest of the server it's negative
Cool!
ggs my dudes
:(
i cant wait for my negative points buff hehe  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/10/02 午後 11:07] camdotzip Holy moly unstoppable mimaw....
ggs guys!
its ok the scrim zone shadow cabal is after me even after my 3k damage belveth game
mimi and i will be hot commodities next szn
hoes will flock to us like sheep
true (i am not sure if im playing next season)
:PFFFTTTOOO:

podcast live in 5
PoggersChampion
Rakan + Janna?
Bot#8380 first
Did Valor play a Janna game lmao

Did Dean's internet die again :C
Bot#8380 also ignore it a nickel to use of a good  {Reactions} ‼️ (6)  [2023/10/03 午前 02:10] jeandones Zeri!

Game logger causing problems again :smodge:
(It was my fault for not double checking)
here when uploaded
gulp
You guys are gross
Despicable behavior
fr
fixed it team dw
Horrid
surely its not worth reworking the point system to work exactly the same but show different numbers so that our resident silly billies dont lose their minds
I think simply adding 10 points to every player might shatter the average scrimmers mind
next person to complain about points gets soyjack reacted on all their messages for a week  {Reactions} 🔥 (8)  [2023/10/03 午後 01:51] jeandones we should have been doing this from the beginning
This is cooking
Meta Busters as a team is aware of the sentiments regarding our weighting of subs vs starters players and will do our very best to run minimal subs going forward. We did not pick up Stav and Rex until midway through the season after we gave up 2 of our subs so that a different team would have a valid lineup, and some of our intended starters have had limited availability. That being said, Stav and Rex playing all of their possible series as soon as they did join is problematic and we are cognizant of that. As stated, we are going to try and maximize starters where possible and I would very much appreciate it if anyone with concerns reached out to me or someone on the admin team for any clarifications we can provide  {Reactions} ❤️ (4)  [2023/10/03 午後 02:23] barisaxxy With this in mind, I’d encourage everyone to be more respectful of the way we communicate about other players publicly in channels. Everyone reads season discussion and can see what you are writing about them, and it has been getting progressively more toxic and making some people not want to play scrims or interact with others in the server, which I personally do not appreciate. We want to make sure that this space is fun for everyone. Banter is fine, bullying is not.  {Reactions} ❤️ (6)  [2023/10/03 午後 02:23] barisaxxy I will not hesitate to smite down people being mean (banning my Blitzcrank)

Based takes from the lads
Bot#8380 join  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2023/10/03 午後 02:27] hidiri okay
*insert based take here*

Waaa waaa pee pee poo poo  {Reactions} soyvid (4)  [2023/10/03 午後 03:48] mason_jars Shadow cabal gap  {Reactions} soyjack (3)  [2023/10/03 午後 03:50] yuro repeat offenders will have a picture of them photoshopped into a new soy emote for the server

Kayn is dead :pain:
Smite no longer applies spell effects
Rip my highest Mastery
rip
kayn players will have to land their abilities (impossible)
Oh it actually might still work
Not applying spell effects means smiting a champ wont apply serpents or clear away a spell shield but it's still DMG so I think it's fine?
kayn can ult off any damage
ok @Jar sorry imma have to sac 15 mins of the podcast to explain the points system
Scrims math comprehension is not great either  {Reactions} 😭  [2023/10/03 午後 04:26] mason_jars LMO
word
classic morg jungle nerf
(It doesn’t have waterwalking)

:smodge:
Where is he
We need rainbolt on this
voyaging
Yo wait what
Happened
Why is mb popping off
Weren’t they 1-2
That’s crazy
Meta busters going for gold?
Hopefully we actually bust the meta sometime this season :smodge:
Step 1. Sign Rex Step 2. He goes 8w - 1L Step 3. You are now in 2nd place
You missed step 0
Step 0. Start 1-2
Step -1. Cheating scandal  {Reactions} 🔥 (8)  [2023/10/04 午後 01:58] nomulus Have 2 of your players play on Rex's team during a signup, hear that no other team had shown interest, and tell them to recruit him
That’s part of step 1?
True
Step 0.9 or something
Step 2.9 is 14/1 draven
It's okay the power of carrot's simply not caring will win his team their series against us
All will be right in the world when a team with 3 masters beats the team with 1.5
Rex is 4 masters on his own he told us
Okay but Cylako is literally Rex but more psycho

so real

The way I play is gonna piss off rex so bad that if I mix it with getting like 1 cheese kill and dancing in lane a vessels gonna pop and ez series win
surely you aren't encouraging BM in the season discussion channel
Carrot gonna tank the 1 week for the dub it seems
small price to pay for a mtb win
loss?
You forgot step -2
Jacob
*incorrect buzzer*
guys i think im cooking
sheeesh
Idk where the narrative came from that we need Jacob to play to run Rex
Noam
the joke
is that
it was step -2  and jacob is -2 points
ik ik
but also
the narrative exists outside the joke
you do need jacob to run both rex and mason
yes this is true
which is the narrative if im not mistaken
^
we've run that combo twice! (one of the other combos did require jacob tho so point stands)
Yep

ok man thanks very cool
No i was saying
i didnt like joels joke
I think simplifying your contribution to "is -2 points" is dumb
scrim zone reading comprehension jajaja
i thought
nvm I don't care to explain it
jacob rn
Step 2.91 is 0/3/17 Nautilus :3  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/10/04 午後 03:53] jeandones real
Bot#8380 thats my favorite match
^
me too!
scrim bot huge fan of third game of MTB vs SPC S6

Scrimbot likes seeing draven 2 shot characters

True
Isnt the consensus that this roster is kinda midge
Compared to other ones we can run ig I should say

The Meta Busters consensus is that
I think most people would disagree with you xd

No?
the consensus is that you would love that to be the consensus  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2023/10/04 午後 07:12] mason_jars I'm washed sis like what more can I say
3k damage belveth says it all no
Bot#8380 inshallah we separating rhaast kayn is broken

real
wysi

update: it will be :disappointed: reaction

Mason is a bench warmer riding on my coattails 🙂
:hattip:
Hope you guys are ready for what I'm cooking for Sunday
Competitive integrity review pending
noam baus ap jax 🤝  an baus ap irelia
Team what are your thoughts ab me running ad sion?
Lethality mythics on sion are 44% wr compared to like 52% for tanks
Has not been the same since prowlers dash was removed
I know I miss it 😔
But wasn't talking about lethality
Bro pulling out the <.1% pickrate gale force sion
Slanderous and untrue
IE is your only other option here
Which just seems worse
Also untrue! I find your lack of knowledge of Sion builds disturbing
What ad mythics are left…
heartsteel bruiser is the move i think
gore isnt horrific either
Surely gore is remotely positive wr
Stridebreaker is pretty high wr tho!
Bot#8380 especially has to start doing
fwiw its not 1-1 cuz if youre going tank u rush sunfire more often than not so the mythic is a 2nd item in those builds
does heartsteel titanic hullbreaker count as ad sion
If you’re a cringer yes
I wouldn't count heartsteel as ad mythic
maybe i should play sion tbh
Sion mid is underrated
you just want me to pick it into you :clueless:
tbh i need to just play like
whatever champion builds heartsteel into all the health scaling items
once upon a time this could have been akali...........
I picked it into heroic and had 50% WR into him
The only possible conclusion is that Sion mid allows a silver fill player to match a masters fill player equally because we are 50-50
\:)
real
LOL
what champion builds heartsteel titanic demonic sunfire
Diana
Chogath if you aren’t a coward
youre so right
YOURE SO RIGHT
wait.......
Does make more sense on Cho lol
im an udyr top onetrick now thoughts
Jax!

Pinned a message.

Ready for the banger today
Unfortunately won’t be able to watch live :(

@Noam  whose got draft link and what time
we send draft link at 7
❤️
our mid laner is not answering
fight him
oof
or it
or her
Word ur looking for is they xd
@Masked Valoran Pirates we might have to sub in Jacob for Thomas
ight
Stream will be up for game but I am gonna realistically miss the draft of Game 1
oh well
we're subbing in rex
thought rex was already playing?
sorry
subbing in jacob
for thomas
roster is updated
youre all good
do you want an extra couple minutes?
no your fine
we get it
so what
rex is swapping
?
situation is
Our mid is afk
So we have to switch draft lul
our five were: noam, rex, thomas, garrett, kathy
thomas didn't show
so I am last minute subbing in
no we get that you updated tool and rex was jg but once again we have to ban one guy on every role he plays
ok but u have rex as jg
whats the point in the roster tool then
To tell you the roster
ok
I mean, ain't that the point?
I just go where ever I'm needed most
the role swapping is really stupid and we might as well do blind picks for the games
wooooo
i friggin love this
since we cant band champ
Well, I don't think you can ban my champ pool anyways unless it's mid lane
its not about that tho
its just really confusing thats all
u gonna play kha adc though?
It's meant to be confusing
That's the strat
LMAO
I did Rengar
i mean but the point of being ready for stuff shouldnt be confusing everything
u dont see the point ig
doesnt matter
I have explained it relax
gl all
gl!
I was planning on making dinner at some point during cast
Im hugging someone this game  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2023/10/08 午後 07:17] .jaspr But now I will starve....  {Reactions} disappointed (2)  [2023/10/08 午後 07:21] theoneandonlypretzel You can hug me anytime 😏
im omw to hug just cause
> Also want to clarify that there are not currently, or have ever been any rules against role-swapping of any kind. This is not likely something to change as players skill is partially determined by their ability to role-swap in some games which is accounted for in the point system. The roster tool does have roles on it, but they are just suggestions, and are mostly just used for asset creation.
You can do more than hug me Garrett....................................
From announcements last time this conversation came up
Let’s not keep arguing over something that’s been explained and isn’t going to change
People have different opinions on it but there’s no need to fight  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/10/08 午後 07:23] highimmac OMW BOO
i will point out that lol i love kathy tho
mostly bc i love nom though

thats the most backhanded complement !
D:
I would argue mtb didn’t prep for it either
i dont think it matters its still unfair
but just opinions as u said
Still unfair right
^ salt
muchho salto
There was a question about things
its just the point was made and it seemed like no one is taking it in
thats all
the situation was handled you typing there was just cringe
Cringe? You guys are bringing it up when the situation was established way earlier. We're literally down mega points but you still want to complain when our roster is scuffed for the game.
If you want to be petty then do it at home.
You are being petty here buddy
ur not the only team that weve complained about it to
I am at home though
Let's not type
There was a situation it was discussed and I handled it you typing there shows how childish you are
Until after the series is done
and we cool off
please
^ ok
why complain about something legal? thats my only question
so :fizzshrug:
gl in yalls next game
like id understand if its something ilegal in this server but knowing that it isnt how is it ever a conversation?
but it was handled
agreed it was
was just curious
You do realize I said that to Cylako because he stated it was unfair.
good luck all
That game literally shows you that it's fine
nothin but love from me
except towards cylako
screw that feller <3333
Yeah no one loves cylako  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/10/08 午後 07:53] iya02 LOL
Bot#8380 poor but
THATS MESSED UP
the whole point is being missed...
but me ❤️
Roster is updated
It is correct
No for sure I hold nothing against anyone Im not arguing or disagreeing with any of the rules. But that shit was sattire and I called it if you're replying to Cylako then my apologies. But from my point of view it looked like toxicity towards my team.
We are not roleswapping
Cylako
I swear to god
CYLAKO STOP
how can u prepare for things when u dont know they exist
I will put it in slow mode
And you do realize that you guys starting it is toxicity towards our team when we're playing by the rules right?
its SEASON DISCUSSION
Especially when we don't have a player and had to improvise?
no1 is being toxic
You do know how annoying that is right?
we are not trying to be toxic
we are just putting our opinion
its just confusing
so dont look at season discussion
its a discussion
Slow moding this
for now
Everyone just stop typing go to game 2
actually, everyoine type @Thomas  so we can figure out where this heffer has abandoned us for
True
ok goodluck game 2
gl yall ❤️
noone is flaming anyone. its season discussion where we can put our minds in this season, thats what the channel was made for, as long as ur not being toxic. but noone is being toxic, we are just stating our opinions as dean said
it feels like poop when we waste bans and picks for players that arent playing what is displayed. thats it. just feels dooped. sure we won but we were down 2 bans for no reason. no flame just wanted clarity if thats okay
i love u garret and nom both
i love bunny
not me?????
So if I'm reading this correctly, you guys are upset at teams for using an advantage that is allowed within the rules ya
I'm drinking tangerine juice @DIO no meme Kathy brought me some
are you allowed to play off roles that arnt on the website also? if so then yes
**GASP**
Mason if I can stop typing then you can do brother.  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2023/10/08 午後 08:03] theoneandonlypretzel This happens to everyone near every game, its just something that exists
Since start of scrims and in high level play it's been allowed no?
also we arent upset we wanted to clarify and understand better because things dont seem fair
There was a debate happening with who can swap where and in the past I was told role swaping was only allowed through mid and top. Mainly confusion and trying to get clarity around it but people take it like toxicity.
ur being ignorant about the whole conversation idk what you want from me i guess no?  ur not even clarifying
not what was said, they were brought up as examples
Its just extremely confusion atleast and i feel like everytime we bring it up we get really passive aggresive responses, just to clarify myself what i have said is not meant to be toxic/aggressive toward anyone
I'm just asking the argument lmao where is the ignorance coming from xd
I feel like if people can role swap in a ranked queue it should be an option here. AITA
Was referring to a conversation said before today, a while back. Slow mode takin forever while game startin, and okay just clarifying
I know exactly what conversation you're talking about king
thanks to NOAMS responses though, it is less confusing
nom is mvp
Wee've had the same conversation over and over and I apologize if I have allowed that to cause me to be aggressive over it but it has not changed and it has been the same answer each time
i would like to clarify that the roles on the website are more for player recruitment and the way signups used to be. They just sort of give a general idea of what that player likes to play and where they might feel the most comfortable to help you draft a team. It does not mean that players are only allowed to play those roles. If you want to know what a player has been doing recently and what they may be practicing to play you can check a players recent games in the server and find links to a players op.gg on the scrim website.

i heard a long time ago that it was for this reason too to be able to prep for games. @Jonah  my b
side?
red draft 8:40
Jacob going pee we will ready as soon as he's back
This is not really correct
They determine what roles you get in signups
The stats page shows what roles people have played in the past
in old signups which is what i was referncing they just kind of helped draft
i mean
?
No like they are integrated in team generation for signups
Someone logged into Garret's account illegally
That’s the whole point
Cylako hacker real? 😮
?
i wanted to buff his ezreal stats  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2023/10/08 午後 08:49] highimmac those stats can't be saved  {Reactions} 😝  [2023/10/08 午後 09:18] 8.013 :smodge:

gg
ggs
gg
ggs
Ggs
why does noam look edited in here?
I am
I hope the scuffed cast was at bare minimum, entertaining  {Reactions} ❤️ (5)  [2023/10/08 午後 09:48] 8.013 god i wish kathy's dad would give me some tangerine juice.......
ask her!
if i see juice in a takeout container like that i know its gon be Gas
LMAAOO
i have another 3 full containers
i'm interested ...;)
i thought it was fine king or queen or it
:D

cutie

Jeez I wonder if it's because this mofo makes us stay till 6 am

I would never hug

@Olaf (Erik O.) banger cast btw lots of gameplay insight
Made it really easy to follow the game without watching it :)

So just curious, why was it until we ffed on game 2 that it was acceptable to do so, but the moment we use the rule to our advantage, it gets changed? Make it make sense?
Rule was changed at the beginning of the season
Everyone was pinged with the link to the rules
Specifically for team format
The important bullet is the first one
We also communicated with your captain that we were aware you probably didn’t know about the rules change so there wouldn’t be a penalty
I’m not sure how you would have preferred the situation be handled?
it was great, until you yanked the rug out from under me game 2! lol

?
What’s the joke
O I see now
Porkchops is watching this game.
She's cheering both teams on!! Gl to both!!
okay
is your roster updated :3?
yes normal roster from us
Okay
@Valor you left before I could say "love you" back
I know you love me king

need to role swap Liz for Jackson all good with you @Will @Blake
👍
she keeps dc'ing every 2 minutes
yep
we will red side again
@DIO you had a crazy good game despite the DCs
thank you ;-; i tried my very best
@Valor graves
graves
ok
yes
Grabes
MVP banning GP is a flavor fail surely
yoooooooooooo the role swaps going crazy this series

ggs
gg
@Masked Valoran Pirates ggs
ggs
i appreciate nynb being the only positive team
ggs

<3
funny fish

pod tonight? :isforme:
funny fish indeed
Dean afk
i cri
The games aren’t even over lmao
Tmrw or Wednesday
okie dokie
Also why is this in season discussion lmao?
enemy team has rengar/jhin
easy randuins angle
Fr
me needing doms for vayne is crippling  {Reactions} 👀 (2)  [2023/10/10 午前 01:16] jeandones circle of suck will be guaranteed to be completed tmrw lmao

rn it doesnt exist as the 2 1-win teams have beaten the same team
League while completely sleep deprived is something else
It didn’t feel real

You completely forget that the game is about winning and not winning fights lmao
Like if I’m tired I lose 100% of the bigger picture
Jungler ganks, 3v2 we lost next one we win ez
Limit testing is winning

@Jar need co caster for tn ?

if theyre not asleep

will mason make it out of the most recent honkshoo arc in time to save them all?
i might be able to take over if needed
not sure yet tho

@Andromeda @New York Nut Busters yall remember you have a game rn right?
yeah
That's what I'm sayin...
poor guy
havent you heard of inviusibility potion
no,
I fogot it was game time
I even started drinking!
:smodge:
@Stanley am I making links?
yes you have side select
we're gonna pick red side
ill make the link in a sec
daev is running a few mins late
connor bedard is playing his first game and i have to play league :(
Just ff :)
no
Fair enough
I tried
who
asked

its oppy
will
is blind
its poppy
poppy
@Stanley
@Andromeda
can verify I am so incredibly fucking blind
poppy instead of ornn?
up to you if you wanna allow it or not
yes
its fine
we dont care
ty <3
WHO THE FUCK IS MAKING LOBBY?
NOOOO he left me
uhh
alana and i arent in order
Is that ok
we swapped accidentally bc im stupid
sorry
thats a caster question
I drc
@Dean is that ok
its fine
you can just drag in game
why the fuck did I pick trist
thats a really good question
lmao
I dont play this champ
no excuses

I told Stanley it was a mental block and now he is performing out of his mind
Gg good round ^^
@Andromeda ggs for first one close
!
!
FIGHTING!
!
We keep forgetting to say fighting!
Bot#8380 lmao  {Reactions} 🔥 (8)  [2023/10/10 午後 09:09] blackrazor_s2 fighting!
Fighting!!!
Banger game to both teams lol
lots of crazy plays
dean y no cast?
I need the triple threat
Also Will
What game did you play trist
game 1
the one that just happened
What was enemy team comp
ornn is actually poppy
This is such a weird team comp
Was Zyra jg?
Oops team
yeah
Nap time went too hard
Get up and podcast before I go gym
bedge
"I will not be asleep in those timeframes"
God only gives me 8 hrs of sleep sometimes man cmon
"only" I spit on you cretin
@Rex get in here tell him
Mason
This is why you got stuck in Emerald
No sleep schedule
im diamond rn lil bro relax
And this is why I dropped 300 LP Masters.
:copium:
lets not spread misinformation

gg @Andromeda
ggs!
ggs!
GG WP!!
andromeda won right
:copium:
thinking of your maid costume @Will
oh my god senna seraphine!
poggers!
spoiler that
iam a senna seraphine advocate
some people care
ggs @New York Nut Busters
much love
i forget how to
if NYNB makes playoffs I will wear it for all playoff games
spoill thjigns
ggs <3
ggs
||
on both sides
yo whats with the samira morgana lane
ohhh
thats some pussy shit
wheres the blitzcrank against senna seraphine
it was samira top
..
does he know?
he doesnt know
im not a knower
lost
(clueless)
spoilers!
@New York Nut Busters GGS very fun games
Fr that was a banger series
@Andromeda anyone wanna interview?
arnye
ARNYE
stanley and aryne mvps :3
gg
circle of suck update in pod?
probably yeah lmao

Has the whole thing been point explanation so far
@Jacob
ya  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/10 午後 11:14] mason_jars im allowed to complain because i have to play my 5th best champ every series @Jonah thoughts

youve played more udyr this season then ever before
There is no way this is true
as 1 game xd
Actually lying in season discussion
@Rex close to end of game 3
Season 6 Team: 1 Udyr game Season 6 Signup: 4 Udyr games Season 5 Team: No team games played Season 5 Signup: 6 Udyr games Season 4 Team: 6 Udyr games Season 4 Signup: 1 Udyr game
Bot#8380 my team more impactful for the hit the team is so no hong's kinda were kinda owned
I can calc percentages too if that's what you meant \:)
For team:  Season 6: 1/10 or 10% Season 5: NaN Season 4: 6/30 or 20%
I rest my case
here when live

@Stanley  side? and time?
RED 9:00
8k hp cho :0
tbh i didnt even look
I like that champion
I’m glad to see him represented
Really enjoying this lineup from MVP y’all are killing it
thats mundo
ITS MUNDO
@Stanley
stanely
poppy
is mundo
sorry
@Andromeda
noc
nocturne
okay
did you guys see our ping
yeah
okay kings ❤️
gl!
make sure to note corrections in the #draft-links channel
^
Ty Jacob
My entire friend's list is grey

GG WP!
GG WP!!
Y'all played well.
You guys did too! Really enjoyable series
You have slayed us and our playoff contention (I thinnnnk?) so unless my asumption is wrong then congrats on playoffs
:dinodance2:
I believe yes you guys are out of playoffs due to that loss but I think there is a chance we dont make it if NYNB wins all of their games
Ooh I see I see
But I'm not positive on all the details
With that said
Once more, GGs. Good fight 💪  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/10/13 午後 09:49] araaraavery @Masked Valoran Pirates anyone interviewers
yoooo....?
hop in call someone will drag u
i cant
is someone admin
@Admins
helpu plsu
gotchu
W
Fun series guys lmao
^
ggs @Andromeda
ggs
ggs
Ggs
uwuwuwuwuuww
put those the Fuck away
before blake gets here

@Andromeda @Masked Valoran Pirates can someone send me the replay files and postgames from yesterday? Thanks!
I gotchu

Sorry I’m out of town thank you Arnye

All good, take care 🫡

@Jar is there enough to talk about to justify the episode
make a new game in 1 hour and 20 minutes
\:)
Or we could just do it Thursday
😔 guess you could
we can do thursday
Bet
Bot#8380 i’d rather low  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/10/18 午後 08:01] nomulus hit us with side whenever you make links

its in tool correctly
ok
but ya
mb
😎😎
mason pulling up to the scrim
Drago when Dean cracks down on him for sending memes in general
real
\:)
keeping my team in line
(im the best at it)
r?
its time
@Noam
yes
\:)
uh
?
the karthus perm

FIGHTING !

@Noam your side and can we wait till 9? dean needs food
shaky
if we wait till 9 i give side 8:55 if that's okay
yeah
npnp
putting in mason for cam
noted
Bot#8380 graceful phoenix, kassadin can's because we heard from successfully making some shit myself. counter jg lol
my adc on 150 ping :pain:
Omw back Sry almost passed out
@Rift Sharks it's 9 \:)
Eat my ass
:)))
not
time glitch
i'm simply deaning the dean
im in the past u cant sue me
holy moley
i started draft earlier than this js
pls dont ban yone :smiel:
who?
Imagine not participating in the shen boycott
cringe
idk what the boycott is
i tried to stop them
xpetu and every high elo one trick ahve stopped playing him until they fix him
boycott deez nuts in ur mouth
fix what
joke tm
@Michael ❤️
riot neutered him
you
gods eepiest kitten
hidiri on the tree
i sleep
i wanted the maokai
smh
"its better jg" zzzzzzzz
its ok
the balance of power
must be perserved

GGWP
GG
gg
ggs
ggwp
ggs
gg
ill be restreaming tmrw
ill figure out who can cast
ggwp

for those keeping track - RS guaranteed the head to head tiebreaker vs MTB off that series - head to head is 2-2 but RS will have a better game differential if the 2 teams have the same result in their last games
SPC likely going to have the best game diff of the 3 so RS will have to 2-0 them in order to have the tiebreaker over them
if MVP and NYNB both end 4-6 it will also go down to game differential
Michael and I are twinning! I understand the ashe ban
ashe jungle. . .

Ashe top is a thing
Just saying

ik
but i jg

im missing going to the guinness factory in baltimore for this game D:

Worth the ff tbh
Is this real
yes
Why would you miss that for league
on god
Respectfully
we have like no subs russy my boy
get me in there
that are available
I'd take the FF for you to get to go o7
nah they already probs nearly done
idk
i didnt want to run the risk of being late
plus i wasnt even sure this morning that id be able to play
Just me or is stream really laggy
its better now but has slight stutter

@New York Nut Busters we select redside
roster saved

@Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) feawr uwu
i am the most dangerous after i have just casted
uwuwuwuwuwuwuwuwuwuwuwuwuwuwuwuwuwuw
oh lawdy
i will either beat you or myself with one eye closed
and either way i win, because ill die laughing
i just had 2 pancakes brother i am happy with life  {Reactions} 🥺  [2023/10/19 午後 08:29] arnye Fighting!!
Gl to both teams
:dinodance2:
Haha yeah
Uh
Things aren't going great
Over in my house
And my computer
I am
its rough
but it does happen
i got time, take as much as you nee uwu
Second time this week
also how's it been, haven't talked to ya in a while
any chance it's a hardware issue
Doesn't seem like it. But at this point it has to be
At first I was pretty sure it was windows, and now it's happening again after wiping my computer and rebuilding it completely
What's happening
russ computer go bye bye
What are symptoms
I mean
Nut Busters has a computer curse today
Holy
my condolences ;;
Computer crashed twice into the blue screen last Thursday, and failed to launch over and over. I wiped it and rebuilt it and was downloading everything yesterday, then today I launched it and it was unable to fully open programs discord, league, and google so I restarted it and got blue screened again
Sounds drive related
So a very public apology to everyone who's time has been wasted
I've had very similar when my ssd was dying
could be a drive issue or maybe a bad ram stick you need to isolate
could be causing overall system instability
Could be ram too yeah
Run memtest off a USB to check for that since it's easiest
If that's fine I'd suspect one of your storage devices next
You can also rearrange your ram in your computer, or remove one stick and test them individually
I have experience troubleshooting PCs if you want DM me and I can help
Staniel the goal
goat*
Currently repairing disk errors
So we'll see what happens
Could be an issue with your drive other than corrupt files
I had a drive that would power off randomly
And caused a ton of issues similar to yours
Heard
I'll dm when the disk repair ends
Huge
we do our homework

my thwesh ;;
us rn

we're going rojo sido
do I need to make link @Caesarius
okie
i can
okie dokie
@Daev @Mike can you stop the spam pings they make a noise on the stream its really annoying
👍
dean, you should change your discord ping sound to ayaya
its off
kk
@Dean @Caesarius I didnt mean to ready
i can go slow
if we need
we can go but if dean is behind
im good
ok then
okie

@Spectres ggs
gggsss
ggs
@New York Nut Busters ggs!
ggs!
ggs
@New York Nut Busters  GGs guys

bro tagged ben
wait
LMAO
i stg
apparently he shows up first if i ype in nut and hit enter
@Updates Reply in this thread with narratives you'd like to see discussed going into playoffs on the podcast!
when is playoffs again
Bot#8380 because
i forgor 💀
fax
idk the date but its after the upcoming 3 series right?
4
but yeah
starts on wednesday
damn close
If anyone has any Team-Focused narratives those would be best, not necessarily rivalries but cool stuff about individual teams
for this
andromeda comes back
Wake mason up
Podcast is gonna be when Mason wakes up unless its after midnight bc I gotta watch lcs @ worlds hope this is understandable
Unless anyone else wants to join
Or I will just be pressured into doing All-Scrims episode
seems thats what everyone wants
yea this i like
I kinda dont want to because its hard to know who is gonna be eligible
some teams still have 6 possible games remaining
hmm
I feel like last season when I did it my takes were completely off because of missing information
wanna wait till later on then? is mason gonna be asleep 4ever
dude why is he asleep
he works like
daytime hours
and its 11pm
and hes been asleep all night
i can fix him .......
lmao
i think i just have to call it off
i need to get ready to move
we can just do 2 eps next week
or a double ep
rip dean
a little tilted atm
I wanted to show off my new jersey on cam :(
mason not treating u right
@Avery on pod?👀
dean taking mason to podcast
i do not have it in me tn
this is a funny show
i love it
that was me in highschool so bad

hes aliveeeeee
new podcast content: dean kills mason
stanley execution 2
yeah double episode next week

WHAT
It’s mason instead of u

Oh ok I live to see another day

arent we up to like stanley execution 4 or 5 by now

Yeah

Stanley is like a hydra, cut off 1 head 2 more grow back
@Jar

NOOOOOOOO
@Blake
FUCK YES
GOD
not again

?
You heard me.

Can we chill with the Lillia/Yordle stuff
it's kinda gross
^

@Dean side?
trying to  put in roster tool!
@Dean ill just put us in now
yeah ill get at 7
you can swap sides
doesnt matter where u go
its in

I will be playing Briar support
Is this truthful?
Who knows...  {Reactions} 🔥 (5)  [2023/10/22 午後 07:48] jeandones red

we will make links

blue
ok
8:33
you got links?
can
bet

9 oclock game anyone
we're here
also roster tool in
determining side
who has side
oh
ok
BLUE SIDE
ill make links
tyty
you guys ok with 9:15 draft
since current series hasn't ended yet
yeah
I updated ours
do we need to wait for current game to finish
if we do our game can be casted
if we don't care we can go I think idk
We don't care if you don't
^
9:15 draft then
dont matter either way
GGs @Rift Sharks
gg's
@Rift Sharks ggs
ggs
gg
ggs
GG!! fun games
Bot#8380 there
gg
GGS
@Dean is draft stream going?
are you streaming this series
yeah
waiting on draft
ok I wait to ready untill we're good
@Dean was the ghost/cleanse intentional?
yeah
we good to go @Dean ?
hmmm i feel like i really need flash on zeri
yeah
just waiting on you
maybe i'd have to try it
it was meta for a really long time
i dont think that was the issue that game at all lmao
ggwp
both of those sums have higher prio than flash that game
thats
MAOKAI
got it
@New York Nut Busters
who winnar
ill give u one guess xd
which team was up like 8 bil gold
RS \:D
8k xd
hell nah
D:
my one hope
@Stanley @Will are these rosters correct?
yes
main roster
who
PYKE
OK
YES :))))))))))))))))))))))))))))

@Andromeda CAN WE STOP
pinging
alana stop pinging
and jonah

what side
when u ready
ill make links
red
ok

ggs
GGS @New York Nut Busters  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/10/22 午後 11:03] papapaleo ggs
ggs
except for the yellow ward
feel free to change that LOL
was poking fun at the vision score xd
30 vs in 60 minutes 🔥

Game tonight determines whether meta busters is in 2nd or 3rd, otherwise standings are locked  {Reactions} metabusters (4)  [2023/10/23 午後 03:58] poozathewizard @Spectres is your roster updated on the website for tonight?

Wait I have brain damage why did I think the game was on Wednesday  {Reactions} 😂  [2023/10/23 午後 03:59] jeandones I’d assume no
okkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Yeah it’s still the andromeda and NYNB rosters from yesterday
I will cast it and work 30 mins early tmrw 🫡

Not yet, I will update it as soon as I can, but I can dm it to whoever on your team needs it
Should be updated now
Specs side select?
We’ll take red g1
who is making draft links?
should be spectres
ye i'll make em rn  {Reactions} 👍  [2023/10/23 午後 04:42] jeandones draft should be starting asap
the start time was pushed back 30 min fyi
would have been good to know earlier :pain:
draft at 5:10 then stream will resume at that time
yeah our captain hasn't even gotten home yet, so we assumed you'd been informed rip

@Masked Valoran Pirates side?
we will take blue
also talking in all chat is not okay unless its gg 🙂 read the rules next time kiddo
^
gotta side w valor on this one try to keep it sportsmanlike please!
@Masked Valoran Pirates apologies!
all good
kinda funny calling kiddo when u just got son'd but ur right it wont happen again, im sorry
need heroic to come in here just to call you grandson
Avery chill
alright dingus chill
Pooza dont need to pile on here
kiddo is on his high chair today
lets descalate
what is ur issue
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
HAHA
you won man please dont be toxic
you guys act like we are playing for money jfc
its cringe and childish
we arent winning money at the end of this so whats the point of being pass agressive to begin with???
i've been lighthearted
i can hear that gif
holy fuck MVP got muted after SPC starts talking shit lmfao such a one sided server
both are muted!
can yall just focus on the game
jfc

I was not here for any of this and reading 400 messages in general then this is funny as fuck and me rn fr

@Dean I HIT D1 IN CHINA THO 🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳
???????
hooly moley

Is there only 1 more series before playoffs?
yuh

Yeah the 3rd Spectres vs Andromeda series :smodge:
:0

Fighting!  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2023/10/23 午後 09:16] arnye Best of luck to Meta Busters and NYNB:dinodance2:
Not best of luck to MTB @Jar >:(
unbelievably bm from blake...
ty arnye :)
I am non-bias cheerleader just wanting to see some banger series. :zrmmcheer:
Inshallah we win this for you and your elbow
praying on your downfall @Joey
ehehehe
give me a fun game to cast at least 3 kills a min, ty!  {Reactions} 👍 (2)  [2023/10/23 午後 09:18] nomulus 15 a min is my goal
sir yes sir
and he said, let slow mode be lifted
Yipee!!
@Noam @Will side select in correct?
Who has links
i make
LETS GO!!!!!!!!!
side select is correct
Ay?
Go get em :)
blake say it here \:)
@Noam 1984
dean will beat my ass if i don't
NYNB SWEEP
no bans?
ZAC
im stoopid
im sorry
bruh
I thought we were red
sorry joey :(
cool!
cooking initiated
lfg adam has been unleashed
cam a real man wouldve picked my gp away
you'd fp it don't lie
we're red side
NOOO NOT THE TWOP
I pray for all gp players who have their champ banned against them
RIP TWOP
aw not gwen
you
are not prepared

cam
mother
we shall go red @Meta Busters
links?
aight
we r
can go whenever
my team let me cook
we had to do a meta busters draft once this season

That was an interesting game to walk into
wasnt trying to bm :(
I apologize if it was taken that way
@Blake turns out it was NOT the worst game of your life
can r whenever btw
Need a sec to figure out what we're doing
ok
11:07 pls
Okay
The Soul Senator
you all can try and whatever can i play gp if i play ap
i will sell my soul to the devil to play my champ
@Noam confirmation?
sorry king
ITS AP
ITS DOGSHIT
PLEASE
might get competitive integrity'd by the deanster
i will try
my hardest
but i just want my champ
if you think allowing ap gp is in your best interests
its allowed
I HAVE GODS APPROVAL
🙏 Bless 🙏
THE FUCKIN HOMIES
what if we took it
also allowed
He would be sad :(
garrett left us
@Garrett
WE DONT HAVE GARRETT STIO THE COUNT
bro ded?
we can pause draft no? @Dean
youd have to restart it
but
it's fine
he back
kk
kindred
ban
kindred
graves
grabes

@Dean sorry

ggs
ggs
gg
gg really fun series
ggs!
GG
no podcast .....
eepy......
i just got ghosted by gruer....
ggs to both teams, awesome series to watch and cast!
Meta busters and RS both ended 10-5 in games lmao
Perfectly balanced
Season started and ended with MTB vs NYNB
dean this bangs
if i was a bit afk casting the first half of the last game this explains it :)
petition to pin it
Pinned a message.

this is gold
im poroud of it
pun intended :)
Pod tomorrow yeah? \:D

Ask mason I’m down tho  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/10/24 午前 01:07] nomulus @Jar pls i am suffering from withdrawal
haven't seen my king in forever
he's out of town he will say no i think 😔
I’ll do it regardless
If someone donates $25 to scrim zone I’ll wear the fizz onesie
It got unearthed in the move
shit i'll pay $25 for the fizz onesie :)
(to be shipped to my house)
my offer stands
Oooh it’s out of stock
That means I’m special :)
My prized possession
thats so cool...

Absolute banger cast, Dean+Gruer legendary duo

It’s rigged definitive proof?

real
Can verify I colluded with SPC to make this happen

Yeah it was actually really fun
@Gruer if neither of us make finals u know what we need to do  {Reactions} 💯  [2023/10/24 午前 10:14] carrotburrito For a second I thought u were talking about rigging games lmao perfect placement
Xd lmao

woiw i can't believe this

@Noam you lied to me about single elim brother
I did
I thought it was the same as spring seasons but I was wrong
Hope you can forgive me bestie
I forgive you I just thought we had something special
always :goodbye:
Read rules challenge impossible
write rules challenge impossible
Last spring system was single elim cuz 3 teams dropped out lmao
rip tornado gap
:clueless:
Something abt people not trying xd
only 2
dont slander the 4 teams that still existed by implying one of them quit
myb brother lmao
I forgot
Can't exactly run a double elim bracket with 4 teams is my point xd
?
Mason is gigabrain tho
surely anyone understands his ramblings

true when double elim brackets get down to 4 competitors its not double elim anymore
poor mason getting clowned in the replies as we are intentionally misinterpreting what he says <3
its fun
HMMM working as intended ??
agreed mvp for everything alana  {Reactions} 🔥 (5)  [2023/10/24 午後 06:03] caesarius no scorekeeping needed
i mean the bit is that it is unironically working as intended lmao
just no answers in
does it pick like alphabetical then XD
I mean its just first on the list
I can sort however I was
ic
want
It just silly

@Alana congrats
finally some recognizition  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2023/10/24 午後 06:31] arnye Your reward for playing weakside top for 2 seasons  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2023/10/24 午後 06:57] nomulus alana got that recognizzle
we're so back
no wayy
meta busters last season special
i wholeheartedly support an effort for thug finals vs andromeda
There's a reason why the finals arent called the grand finals
Were the final boss  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2023/10/24 午後 08:27] yuro real

Id be so down for the final boss being andro

in honor of playoffs i made a graphic that is topical
Bot#8380 noams been binging. kayle is the tag is next to honor

banger
the roster I crafted around you fell apart before it ever existed
simply life event gap
my apologies good sir
its ok
Our pfps are still cute
:3
Who quit
Dew
Their sub
rip
gone but not forgotton
Rip
Bot#8380 lol
didnt cam literally just forget tho......
gone and forgotten :pain:
:)

Blake is still on the team!
then just switch it to no playoffs xd
Podcast at like 11:20 or so
Season 5 nut busters clears S6 Specters tho
Season 5 mb clears season 6 mb too
Too bad they couldn't clear season 5 MVP
Just higher standards that season
S5 nut busters doesn’t even clear s5 mvp
Yep !
Yep !

After finals we do a showmatch s6 SPC vs S5 NYNB?
im gonna upload everything tomorrow
big eepy
only if you lose in finals
That’s literally not possible
You mean semis?
there
Specs going 9-1 and bombing out in semis would be so funny
Classic MVP shit to do tho
It’s over
You’re sealing our fate already

@Spectres @Meta Busters @Rift Sharks @Masked Valoran Pirates @Andromeda @New York Nut Busters Post ideas for any new award categories you'd like to see voted on for Season 6!  In your message include the title of your proposed award along with a description of the criteria to earn the reward. React with a 👍 to your favorite ideas in this thread to show interest in that award.
Play more games of mid !
wait does he really have more mid games played than i do
he had 10
you had 5
its not close
stocks are plumetting
this is ur spot buddy
can't even say I'm shading you
just..........a flex player............for life.............
kidding! it's just funny i'm not beating the mid lane allegations
here fixed oops
heres the awards message if youre looking for it

I'm only S- for flex?
is that not high?
into the meat grinder for this one
Don't lose on draven L + ratio + legacy tarnished
You know what? That's actually a fair point
I need my meat
no meat
Not my smeat 🥲
schmeatless
Bot#8380 are we won last night
yes
This is why you people don't get my 50 pages.
@Dean @Cam @Valor @Heroic stop yelling
im lost
idk the lore
tip of the iceberg moment
Mason only being B+ tier means he's gonna go down in points right
Clueless
Can I be down in points
Surely
NO :clueless:
But I am stupid
^ can confirm
school
Have caveman brain
head empty no thoughts
Oongie boongie
unga bunga run at enemy pick up axe repeat
Give me negative points
Me club you
I've been playing rammus in my free time so I've become even stupider
huge
i love the turtle
I put flex into my main ranked role
Every single one of my games is still jungle
I hate this role
Get me out of the forest
Scuttle crab scares me
ˢᵒʳʳʸ ᶦˢ ᵗʰᶦˢ ᵇᵉᵗᵗᵉʳ  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/10/25 午後 02:43] hidiri how do tiny text thats funny
ᶦᵗˢ ʲᵘˢᵗ ᵐʸ ᵠᵘᶦᵉᵗ ᵛᵒᶦᶜᵉ
Stav 1 game off from ADC qualification :pain:
very sad actually
he gets 1st team next season dw
pel/zel fam taking over the server
next i bring in my dad
this might be the end of the all-scrims run
wdym
got a lot of competition, might not be room for me on this leaderboard
always room on my leaderboard for cam  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/10/25 午後 02:50] camdotzip 😔 im sunsetting
darkest moment comes before the dawn keep your chin up king
😡
ᵐʸ ᵇᵃᵈ ᶦ'ˡˡ ᵇʳᶦⁿᵍ ᶦᵗ ᵈᵒʷⁿ

Idk how I got an s- on the supp rankings, I played like cocka and balls this season
its my opinion (im an idiot probably)
(Idiot definitely XD)
Jk mr deanial ur a Genius

nah pb is goated imo
one of the best supps we got
Kappa
:clean:
dont sell yourself short
Thx man
Bot#8380 what do pick up a lowly pisslo bonze
?????
hm
i blame carrot for that
Bot#8380 idk bro
WHAT
YES YU DO
Scrimbot on something.
scrimbot out for blood
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?
HUH
Scimbot T1000
It's different I guess
crazy

we're so fucking back
cam when he can play every single role with any fail
Somehow we still had a better mid
SPECTRES SWEEP???
gruer stocks are UP
TO THE MOON
spectres sweep (and matt)
threatening
lmfao
wait its like at the end of marvel movie
If i  could edit I would make it
Me taking second jg all season
how many games did u play girl
we never got to face off </3
u makin like a bandit w second place!!!!
Like 6
Oh more than that lmao
But none of them looks that great imo
too busy eepin or workin
I think 10 minimum
Manly Man
Real
jk
Bot#8380 this shit drunk scrims couple team have
I wasn't eligible for any role because I hadn't played 10 games in any one role
yeah what this guy said
thats so fucking funny
you little mischievous guy
up to no good in every role?
fr
Cam for flex over rex is kinda wild but I see the vision xd
how many roles did rex play?
i thought it was just top and adc
oh wait he jgs too
Top adc jg
forgor
Yea
Rex plays all 5 but he's washed mid
True
FIGHTING  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2023/10/29 午後 06:08] arnye GL TO BOTH TEAMS
:fishscream:
first timing in playoffs
what could go wrong  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/10/29 午後 06:13] carrotburrito na blitz is ez
all blitz players are boosted
youre iconic
Petition to make will mvp caster
This shit is so clean
can't believe we've been missing out on his casting for so long
fr

@Masked Valoran Pirates side? I can make links
we will take red
me doubting mvp so they channel t1 through astral projection
no hate to spc but i've been rooting for mvp in this matchup
there's still a chance. i believe
surely
if its goes to 90 minutes
nah valor cleans up this game trust
what a game
WP MVP
GG WP!!!
ggs spc wow
WP ALL
huge series from them
WP SPC
@Spectres anyone wanna do interview
sure
GGs!
GG
is the finale gonna be bo3 or bo5
I believe Bo5 if scheduling allows is what I heard
woa
theres also gonna be a losers bracket game, right? so to decide 3rd and 4th
is there?
idk
i was asking
i phrased it weird though uh
i don't think so?
@Dean
yep
no
why
scheduling is difficult
^
i see
its hard out here....
depending on the match time for finals I might make a reappearance at the casting desk ❤️  {Reactions} deanpog (4)  [2023/10/29 午後 07:55] .jaspr LET'S GOOOOOO
ban it
LOL
giving metabusters our secret strats
@Dean is it delayed at all or should we have draft links soon?
likely soon?
its on noam to make them
so
ask him
getting posted now
Links being served up any second
@Noam YOU HAVE BEEN SUMMONED
was already doing it!
GL to both teams make it a banger!
inshallah
SIR YES SIR
Oh trust me we will make it so bedge
@Noam r?
hold on cam dropped his mic
o never mind
no way
@Cam
Bot#8380 im in lobby  {Reactions} missing (2)  [2023/10/29 午後 08:55] jeandones r

ope 1s
garrett mia
all good
@Meta Busters my rune pages coulndt change sorry
all good

@Rift Sharks GG
ggs!
gg
Bot#8380 wait its ranged
Ggwp
ggwp
that last game was like the only game in my memory where adcs just werent relevant at all lmao
@Garrett @Noam @Jacob good lanes!  {Reactions} ❤️  [2023/10/29 午後 09:36] jeandones had fun
ggs\
seeing akshan for the ffirst time
ggs!
ggs! fun games
Who do you want? @Will @Gruer
@Rift Sharks you guys can choose 🙂
@Drago YESSIR
:lfg:
Honestly from the moments I saw @Will @Gruer what a really nice cast
thanks!
Gruer was awesome to co cast with
fucked up you didn't give that G2 to the homie though
thanks man, ggs to both teams!
gruer cast lfg
casting gamers

I’m sorry if this is a dumb question but what’s the point of extending players?
Like
Makes the off season a lot easier for the player and a little easier for the captain, just guarantees that they will have a team and you’ll have a player
Ok but nothing changes for their points or anything
No
Okie dokes
But it’s nice to know that the player you want isn’t talking to other teams
Hm
Ty for clarifying
Yup
Nw
retaining players season to season does increase your team value slightly but they don’t need to be extended for that to happen

To clarify, if a player plays for the same team multiple seasons in a row, they add to the team's point cap
Slightly
But yea
gaming
When you get to the jg section
Scrim Zone brainwashed into voting for washed Udyr 1 trick
True
Hidiri and Mike robbed fr
nah mason deserves it
horrifying image
nah that's just xayah into double poke botlane
xayah rakan vs cait lux
Yes
i totally havent seen that outcome recently
i wonder who wins
Nobody won bot lane that game.
Except Erik
erik ALWAYS wins
one way or another
How lmao I had one carry performance this season
Master yi ….
Idk that 3k damage bel game really carrying you
And I guess a couple lili games were good
True
Goated belveth
1-0
jg poster child, mason shall forever and always be the one who wins
Better than yike
Am I just the default if you can't think of anyone else xd
Bingo
Lots of people not understanding the “performed the best in season 6 team format” part of the award
It’s ok more clout for mason
It's so Dean can keep me in the 40 point cabal prison
It won't look like he's rigging the system if I get mvp
Bro I forgot Erik got mvp in season 3
got mason stuck in impel down with 40 points
now he shall be 50
inshallah
Deans least favorite nepo baby
I get 2nd team if I play the most jhin, 1st if I play the most kalista and miss it entirely if I play anything else the most
This is the narrative
?
omg I did wtf
First and only time member of the last place team will get MVP
Groupthink is too powerful now
Big tree
LOL
True
actually
Think hard
Dean's just mad cuz I'm farming awards
Much skill
I think that trundle game just burned a hole through everyone's skull that season
Goat preformance tho lmao
Wise mystical tree as they say
Logan you really were the tree guy this season
Lowkey
Number 1 Erik hater
Number 2 Erik hater
?
Caitlyn with poke supports should be illegal
@Dean can you put my points at 0 so I can play ivern maokai with gruer on my team
Is this wrong
Like
I can’t with cait
Signups :)
Shits always broken in lane
Psycho carrot has brainfog past 20 minutes and doesn’t realize Caitlyn sucks
Are you advocating for me doing a lil competitive integrity in signups 😄
no
No I’m saying you can be on his team in signups
I just deadass forgot about that season me playing well cuz we lost so much
Sorry the other implication is funnier
This u.
Get Sam and Sam S and Vernon and Adam and Blake and other 25+ point players so sign up so it's more likely
A champ that can 1 tape me with no counter play no potential of fighting back and knowing no one is near me is fucking annoying ya
I got 1 tapped by her ult too many times
It’s nerfed now
Dw
Her lethality build got nerfed
Ok
She’s still cancer in lane
This signup where we all go 0-20
Who can say we are inting dd
Like Caitlyn isn’t an issue, Caitlyn luc is
you will no longer be one shot till 30 min
Cuz like
Can’t farm
Can’t outpush
Can’t outpoke
What do you do
Actually
be different champion
Wait till this guy hears about kog lulu
They just spam shove under tower, poke you, rinse repeat until you’re 30 cs and 3 levels down OR gave 5 kills and it’s over anyways
This is fine
You can outpoke it
You can’t trade but you can outpush
Any broken combo is so much weaker if you can outpus
Out of the 6 people to make all scrims on more than one role, 3 of them are on RS, we truly are the flex goats
me fr
the other 3 are Cam Stanley and Cylako  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/11/01 午後 01:43] carrotburrito Without some bullshit like xayah rakan YOU CANT OUTPUSH
idk I’m in a bad mood
Fuck Caitlyn lux
Join the cringe carrot
👎
Play xerath ezreal
Pyke kinda deals with it thank god
Me too Stanley
is this the first season of flex player award?
Cuz you can sorta ignore wave
he doesnt know
i dont know either
:DDDD
#hall-of-fame
my game crashed in champ select now ive dodge timer, i will now cringe into specters
educate yourselves @Noam @Cam
last season was the first so only 2
oh wait it existed last season huh
noam gave up on last season before the awards
real
king of the metabusters
cylako and garrett got awards tho so
what he say fuck me for
Soon, your jungle
kinda pogging
I kinda forgot about early scrims stuff I forgot I got 1st in Jungle S2
Hidiri will play the Jungle Nautilus in my stead
aye
i can do that
peep my wr on it
Our Season 2 team in retrospect was kind of an atrocity but in a good way
was that No Idea?
banger name actually
Is for Me
thats season 3
Oh you mean
not my image
I remeber that one too
I was talking about no idea
"Stanley Yesterday at 7:53 PM i have no idea for our team name" possibly best team name of all time
seeing some of these earlier teams are absolutely illegal btw
keep in mind people have improved since then
yuh ik
that was pretty funny
what past team would have the highest points rn
uhhhhhhhhh
starting roster
id have to write a script for it
let me do it when I swap seasons over
Since ill be in the codebase anyway
ok
when is that
like 1 week after playoffs end
oh wow
season 7 soon!!!!
I gotta get my shit together and get all the info in one place
moving + end of season is
a lot
just turn into virtual dean
live entirely in scrimzone
solid candidate here
who were starters
first 5
eh
its definitely 100+
but i guess a lot of them are
isn't there a team with blake+stanley+cam or something
I guess Stanley is down points now
:disappointed:
:disappointed:
i don't believe so
Oh it was Peter not Cam
Who started for Poison Enthusiasts?
i don't remember 😔
its the first 5 for each of them
cylako joey jonah will jake
thats not clearing 80 i fear
Yeah
KGS is pretty high up there no
prolly
fuck it ill just do it now
Nynb season 5 as well
curiosity killed the cat
Dean too curious
:isforme: '
curiosity killed the scrim zone website
Oops
hm
See im telling you
Bit.ly!!!!!!!
Bitly with the real roster ....
never loses finals
Andromeda s5 kinda poggers
also Andromeda only post s4 team....
Bro
OOF
this just means the point system works lmao
true
when do points update?
like 2 week
Dean is out for my blood today 😔
Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?
I think some of the lower ones are just bc starting lineups arent necessarily always correct
like players who played the most != the lineup the team was built around
leaked spectres point increase.....
What happened to season 5 Andromeda 😔
gruer is now worth 104  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/11/01 午後 02:27] jeandones FFing playoffs :KekW:
Oh true
ok So we need Gruer and 10 jacobs next season  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/11/01 午後 02:27] teslaplasmabolt S7 spectres
154 point team sheesh
OK
whats point cap
Season 1 was packing lmao
one season of 6 highest teams/season   one season of 6 lowest teams/season
who wins each
surely not point inflation
Its almost as if playing in a highly competitive environment for 3 years straight would cause you to improve ....
no
i haven't
on average
stanley outlier
No Stammy
But also consider 2 teams "starting lineups" are not super accurate so
:fizzshrug:
take all this with a grain of salt
KGS and idk the older low point teams well enough
Wait
sorry but bitly rolls kgs
(probably false)
does KGS beat spectres?
Is it listing season 6 starting 5 as the one the website shows
kgs is literally rift sharks with mason instead of hidiri
i would hope so
oh
maybe not
rift sharks might beat spectres
:copium:
50/50 chance
it happens or it doesnt
True!
yeah!
ok now this data gets sent to the void
shouldnt have been gotten in the first place
😦
waow dean revisionist history....
?
learn what those words mean
@Jar @Mimo/Mimaw (Mimi) our season one team was so good man....
censoring history sure but I aint lying about it
doing draft strats while me and Erik Y are both driving home from school on the shitty VW car mic
good times...
this is more akin to burning a tomb than anything else
Silver Blake gulp
maybe its weezer
mental reset I dont want to kill @Jacob anymore so Its possible ...
REAL
Yeah KGS and Weezer
lmao
I have taken Jacob's place \:)
simply untrue
Ive duoed with Erik so long that everyone is safe
You mental boom every time we lane together!
does this include times I wasnt sleep deprived, drunk or high out of my mind
Hmm idk
You never play with me when none of those are true 😔
i liked these games
I straight up forgot about those lmao
our opponents
We need to run more signups
(gapped)
Can't believe you said you didn't know I played rakan
:trolle:
i immediately corrected myself

Miss him
Missed when he wasn’t higher rank than you
I miss when he wasn't a delusional top laner
Innocent little boy
Corrupted by the evils of top lane
Divorce lead children to the worst places or smth
You’re right I should’ve become boosted in S13 jungle!
I go J4 EQEQEQ 8 times in 4 seconds
@Dean which team is the best historically lmao
Or if you brought them to the present would do the best
Any team I’ve been on
Oooo only won 1 season so
Invalid opinion
it was kgs and bitly as top 2
not in that order
both only lost 1 reg season game
bitly slightly disqualified bc finals sub
Bitly vs kgs would be funny
Yeah I had Dean on my team weighing me down like??
I did too lmao wdym
Go tell Peter to unretire
which team would i be on ...
I had to carry his dead corpse across the finish line
hes not on either team tf
Wait
What
LOL
Will can just sub for you
Which one did I win
which team did you think he was on
on Bitly
Blake goldfish memory
Oooh
It was
IFM
Oops
Anyways NYNB sweeps any past team
we sub will for me on bitly and michael for me on kgs
i dont play for either team
We run it back for fun thoughts
my takeaway from this is that im really good at building teams
Nynb vs kgs
holy shit so down
@Mike ur turn to finally gap me
Wouldn't you have won more if you were xd
Results based analysis is not real
No, didnt say I was good at winning
said I was good at building teams
3/6 top teams were mine, I'm good at finding good players to put on my teams, not necessarily wrangling those rosters for a win
No clutch factor or smth /j
also you just said a results based analysis statement and then said it wasnt real
I'm being sarcastic I'm aware
Xd
the double watermark on that goes crazy
True
does he know
no i dont think we do
why cant we run it back :(
quad ifunny crop
Matthew “Ratthew” Queefs shot dead in Detroit on Halloween Night.
Scrimzone Matt Aberration
blake is just scared.
got it.
I’m not one to slaughter Mr. Dean.
Ask Cam he knows how gentle I am.
I'm down to schedule a bo5 :) just lmk when
My goat forever and always
gone but not forgotten
Stats don’t account for jungler not ganking free lanes
?
The most annoying lanes are easy to beat the issue is that you and adc have no control over it until your jungler takes initiative
um
they do tho
they do account for that
thats actually how it works
whether you are in the game or not doesnt affect whether the jungler is ganking the lane
The amount of games I’ve had 4+ waves shoved in and junglers dont gank is why I hate these champs
homing is burning the food rn
this data in fact includes your games, even
It’s not that I lose more to them
psycho actually sends 218 death threats per game to his jungler
It’s that I hate how I lose
maybe thats the issue
Honestly
maybe if you had less hatred for your jungler they would want to come to your lane
I might start
!!!!!!!
dont !!!!!!
also like wavestate is not the #1 condition for a gank lol
The number of fucking Maokai who I repeatedly ask to gank bot thats shoved, then once we win a 2v3 bot refuse to get drag for over 5 minutes is more than one hand
if youre getting shoved in and half health vs full health cait lux with full mana summs up in gold
no see you dont understand
can confirm jg players only respond to negative stimulio, without the bait pings how else do we know when to gank
if you ask them to gank
Bot#8380 she pops out
they dont
thats not a free gank thats a free triple kill for cait
I’m not in shitlow either if you’re in plat/em they should have a brain
moronic statement
emerald is shitlow carrot
hate to be that guy
but it is
Ik
But like
It’s “ik what I’m doing” shitlow
not really
gold is ik what I'm doing shitlow
anything below diamond is shitlow imo i swear emeralds are worse than golds somehow
emerald is "my mechanics are so good it doesnt matter that i have 3 iq" shitlow
they do have a brain theyre staying away from the guy spam pinging to gank 😄
lmao real
Bro I don’t ping
if youre playing jg and you want to lose just gank your tilted laner
Ever
you type? thats worse!
Doesn’t do shit unless they’re already paying attention
Yes. “They are resetting drag after blue we help” with a ping
Then they go top and die 2v1
this sounds suspiciously like a thing that happened one time
One time?
Every fucking game
yeah this is probably the worst thing you could do in emerald
We get no prio bot ever except when we claw it out of their dumbass bots
Like i swear I’m strong side 30% of the time or less
Like an unreasonable amount for a pyke main
if you insult their mothers and call them a slur they would probably be more likely to gank for you
I never get personal
this is clearly not true and has not been true for like a year and a half unless you are doing something specifically to make junglers stay away from you
That’s not conductive
path bot has been the meta for so long
i didnt say you did
i said *if* you did it might go better for you
I can’t remember ever having a jungler start top camp
The never do
youre delusional im sorry
Who has worse takes psycho carrot or rex
Or if they do it’s a 4 camp and they give bot prio
Find out in the next episode
Which happens
1/4 games or less
Psycho but Rex digs himself into deeper holes
No human jg isn't pathing bot rn unless they have carry top you wanna gamble on
next question
They don’t
What elo are you in
We give them both shovels and watch them dig thoughts
Mason is in low elo
Ya wait he’s the emerald shitter
I’m in your mmr
Sorry been out touching grass for the last couple months
theyd probably join forces and dig the same hole
Does he know
I refuse to believe that your opponents path bot
I'm in diamond currently btw LOL
:2023tigerhmmm:
Don't tell him
Ok I’m getting to your mmr lol
Fun fact I climbed cuz I pathed bot
Idk man
Exactly
EMERALD JUNGLERS DONT
So 4/5 give top prio
i stopped playing solo queue jg and im almost p4 now
cause they suck
mason stop plz, i cant breathe
plenty of people clear up then reset and run bot
or reverse clear
Exactly
I'm number 1 comedian
That requires planning
its actually higher in emerald
lets back up though because jungler pathing top is not the reason you lose lane xd
Bot#8380 facts
just be better
That's all jgling is btw lmao
ur on the good stuff fr
These guys watch strong junglers
And think they do more with 300 g top off herald
Than first 2 drakes and botlane
Herald is the better play RN lmao what
drakes nerfed xdd
this is correct
Drakes got nerfed and you would always want to sack first drake for herald if you can lmao
the selective memory here goes soooooo hard
herald is absolutely better than drag
Alright look I made a few claims
also
I’d you want
Next few games I’ll track
Psycho carrot just put the shovel down
drag and herald arent mutually exclusive? when do you think they spawn
We are all friends here
Where my junglers start
You don't have to keep digging
you dont need to track we have the stats already
This is my point they refuse to get drag
They just stay too
Stats agree
What
1/5 start top
LMAOOOO
u can also do this cool thing and say "yo if we leash our lane is unplayable"
That’s literally my point
the more you talk the more it sounds like you just make junglers stay away from you
psycho has actually gotten the same exact jungler in every one of his games (he does with them)
it works 90% of the time
Or just say
If I leash I'm running it down
That guarantees no gank
Both variants put these monkey jglers in their place
well according to you they dont gank anyways 😄
simply play jg if u want a good jg easy
True
i dont see the issue
unironically yeah
yeah tbh just play jg
if jgs are so braindead you should be able to beat them easily
Pyke jg very funny
Only ppl more but hurt than bad junglers are vlad mains, strong tops playing weak side, and zyra mains
this is biased
Clearly has not watched a adc player in action  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/11/01 午後 03:33] yuro you see the irony of calling anyone else butthurt rn right
My adc is chill
So idk
Aren't you duoing lmao
Ya but I don’t get butt hurt in game I do after
uh huh
Typically but my experience with randos is either positive or we just instantly get destroyed so idc what they say
Gotta dip but I swear emerald junglers know pathing just they think top is the play every game
It’s why mason climbed and they didn’t
LOL
nah he climbed cuz he got boosted by hec
and yi and udyr and ivern
I don't play yi for starters
if u wanna climb out to an elo where jgs are good (doesnt exist) u gotta stop blaming them for your losses xd
Let's not lie to the camera
We all have a past cmon bruh
Matt calling people out for boosted champs when his champ was 57% wr for a whole patch
Multiple patches vtw
yeah bro i def only played rell after the rework
she wasnt my main in ranked for forever
Never did. Just said that it’s why I hate these “bad” lanes because they often can play in a way that onl gets punished by jungler and I get blamed when they are Strong late
Yea bro I only played udyr after rework surepy
yep ^
Look we all know I’m the least boosted here
kappa
Gp abuser
Top is so weak how can it ever be boosted!
gulp
Gp abuser sure is a line
I’m glad I can’t be a Malphite abuser though
I’m rank 1 Malphus NA
blake are u on the rammus wave
I already was
he uninstalled cuz he stinks
He’s nerfed in top
I just want Tri Force IE back…….
yeah fr, gotta focus on what u can control rather than what u cant
It’s why I main pyke
I can control a lot more early and then jack shit late but I can set my team up for success, no support is gonna win if their team can’t win without them to some degree

omg let's goooooooo

why are they leashing at all
Believe it or not some games you wanna burger flip on ur top laner
Don't let them know that tho
any game with adam
i will int to get him fed
I always leash
Junglers expect it
Simply stop
And getting to lane early barely matters def not offset by faster clear + less tilted jungle
Simply expect your jg to be better
That’s what I’m complaining about, I do and get let down or I don’t and cait lux walks over me lmao
Simply don't let cait lux walk over you
if you dislike lux cait this much
learn xerath
genuinely
also covers senna, soraka, nami

xerath fucks me over when im playing soraka
awful matchup for her
I play xerath
I also first pick every game
Cuz top and midlaners refuse to see support pick bottom three
And again, playing my one trick I’m chill with if it means I don’t have a whining mid or top
ok you realize that if this is the case, you are firstpicking 50% of the time right
because this is also happening to the supp on the other team
Yes
But no
Bot#8380 i mean like once
Most supports don’t first pick
Consistently
Like
What
Also pyke is fine into that lane
I have a lot more issues when I have to play renata or taric or something else
so the problem is that youre too nice and are giving up your counterpick to randos? when most supports dont do that
Yes
Literally
I love support
ok so stop doing that?
And I love how you play around team
And I’ve found it’s most consistent to just let your team walk on you to win
whats a counterpick :keking: just lock soraka every game
It’s just fucking ass
Perma ban Soraka first pick pyke lol
always pick soraka
you love playing around your team and yet you hate your team and think its fucking ass to give up your draft resources to your team
But it’s so annoying
But I do because it’s better
If I think I can play pyke into anything
I’ll do it
ok so being firstpick isnt an issue?
and its not your mid/top's fault
What I’m saying is. I let my team walk on me, that’s fine, cuz they get advantage and helps keep mental up. My issue is that junglers just play bad or at least to top side, which makes game unplayable when I’ve given them counterpick and my top/mid get one bad gank and run it down
Idk
I should just play top first pick pantheon and play music ig
Mute all
Idk
Bot#8380 i already challenger  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2023/11/01 午後 06:29] yuro REAL !!! 🗣️
i mean
Just follow ur jungle everywhere and gank with him
this is ostensibly an activity you do for some kind of enjoyment
The issue with that is in not good enough
My jungler vertically jungles top
Like tf do I do
Like they play in a v, with the tip on their topside.
So often they completely give bot river over, and if they’re not very consistent about how they play it’s hard to make roams invading topside worth
It’s not just my junglers to be clear
I think over half my games their jungle just lets botside rot
I’m in no way saying this is unique to my teams, though I do think I tend to be unlucky
You should be giving counter pick to solo lane btw
Yes
But like it’s so annoying when top is picked and they still won’t swap up
What if it's a flex 😄
toplaners have ptsd from flex picks
If I see a malphite and a vlad my toplaner can stop hogging last pick
id argue mid and supp counter are equal in value
until its malphite jungle
👍
What if it's malphite jg
I think in comp maybe but solo queue mid is a lil more valuable no?
Or is the difference not that big
ehhhhhhhhh
i mean its a lil better, but i dont think its noticeable enough
Yea but mid laners have more fragile egos so you gotta baby them a lil xd
theres an angle that mid prio is more important than a winning botlane
but theres also the angle that mid has way less super hard counters and most mid champs are decent at just nuking the wave and fucking off if theyre in a bad matchup
junglers who need counterpick are frauds and adcs who need counterpick are delusional babies who should be shot
^^^^^^^^^
spit
Real af
Bot#8380 bro lmao  {Reactions} 😂 (3)  [2023/11/01 午後 06:46] yuro fping jg when your team isnt hovering anything is one of the scariest states in draft though  {Reactions} ‼️  [2023/11/01 午後 06:46] carrotburrito Support matter less as rank gets lower cuz adc is less consistent, gets less prio, and more chance of any lane to solo win game
yes ive picked kayn please lock all ad full scaling. i have locked zac please do not draft any damage. yeah im karthus please please ap mid/top/supp as well
Allah take the wheel
its ok tho. blue kayn passive is magic damage
nashors rhaast mashallah
i've had games where i legit take sorc shoes on blue kayn
bc my team drafted full ad \:(
sorcs on blue kayn is the wave unironically
@PB can we be on the same team next season so I can ask for counter pick every game
Can you haul my dead corpse to a season win
u think i wanna play with u?
HA GOOD ONE
also i prema play without caring for counter, im r/niceguy like that
every game i ask to swap pick order with every player starting from bottom going to top until someone swaps
one time i asked twice thinking they were just afk and got called a no no word so i dont ask more than once anymore

That's fucked up bro qaq
haha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Maybe one day

why b03 btw and not b05
:(
for the finals? scheduling
ahh ok understandable
Yeah it kinda sucks
espescially cuz it's lowkey my fault :/
I wish I wasn't a busy bear
nws if you have stuff to do u have stuff to do its ok
I simply want to be freed from the shackles of labor
and play League of Legends
LMFAO my life is way more positive now that ive quit playing league
if only we could bo5 but we could always do 3 bo3
and only now stick to playing it once every like 2 weeks
Post-season I actually intend to go back to doing this
It is a much more healthy way of engaging with the game for me
^ exactly whenever i come on its just for fun now not competitive getting super angry to where i want to break my keyboard
I quit for like 3 months but now I'm back 😭
comes and goes in phases I feel like
Yeah
I enjoy the game a lot more now
Instead of playing it at times just because I felt obligated to
right cuz so many people have the I gotta play until i win atleast once mentality
now i can just play 1 and stop win or lose
cuz i have more important things like school
@Olaf (Erik O.) 🤣
my main thought process around league has been "video games are played for fun"
i feel like a lot of people get lost in the sauce and end up not enjoying it
which at that point why are you spending your time that way
I simply use that as the excuse to hang out with my friends more I don't know why I'm being @'d here... fucked up
sadly its because its become an addiction at that point for a lot of people and addictions are really hard to break out of
so even if you 'hate' the game, you want to keep playing because ur addicted to it you need the stimuli of playing the freaking game over and over until you get the feel good i finally won
you attempted to hostage me in an aram because I said I'd play until we won!!!!
or i finally go this rank
mobas are also unique because there are so many things to blame losses on other than yourself
so people just get mad at everyone else and feel like the just need to play more to hit the next rank since it's not their fault they keep losing
No I hostaged you because I wanted to hang out with my friend!
Clear difference
true
love you king

Currently my mental. "Get back to diamond and im out" not a positive thing but i am stuck!! Only play like 2-3 games a night tho so its fine

Decided to take a break on weekdays and it’s helped
Cuz it makes it impossible to take over your life yknow

yalls mental is not it the TRUE mental is to play becuz u have cute skins

Bro why do I always sound so dead when I'm talking on stream
when I'm actually talking I feel like I'm being expressive but watching back it just doesnt come through xd
I wanna be like you
I wish i would play for cute skins

I feel so happy whenever I realize after a loss I can just change skin or chroma
Blue essence gave me that

ive always just played this game for fun haha
idk i actually enjoy playing league its very stimulating to me

i need
that mentality
honestly tho i get mad at the game often but i just gotta remember that its just a silly little computer game and has no real effect on my life whatsoever

I cope by separating each game
New game new mental (I’m actually just rage queueing)
simply say "we are so back"
then win

just stop thinking of your team mates as humans and start thinking of them as cute little kittens
then all of their mistakes are forgivable and all their successes are impressive
feels like this is just your approach with everyone
no comment
Simply don't acknowledge ur teammates at all XD
/muteall

this is the @An take as well
except like, kittens that she wishes harm to

winning in solo queue is something you should expect to have to do not because or even independent of your teammates but rather in spite of them
any input or communication from others on your team is to be defaultly viewed as actively detrimental
Ok maybe not all that lmao
all other players in the game are intentionally trying to ruin your day unless proven otherwise
Simply view them the same way you look at any other obstacle
i do exaggerate but not by that much

I gotta lower expectations prior to diamond
Then I’m gonna climb like crazy until I get cha restricted and my elo is gonna tank

just treat them like children
a majority of the players in solo queue never grew past high school
Are you telling me it's irrational to tell people to rope after 1 misplay
Smh my head
no actually mason no it's not
you gotta start by threatening to rip off their fingernails
then systematically go from the smallest parts of their body to threatening major organs
LOL
id go one step further and say a good number literally are still in high school
oh im sure they are
which makes beating them all the more easy

Focus on improving and not win/loss, game was successful if you learned something, the wins come naturally as you improve 🙂
So true king
To lose is to improve
If you don't enjoy the game don't play
Simple ah

game was successful if you had fun 😄
The podcast may have a special guest for finals….
NO WAY FAKER ON THE POD
Faker knows the mason sleep meme

stop yelling

FIGHTING!!
Gl to both teams
GL Lads
Gl to everyone
Make this one a banger for us
will try
41 minutes................................................
the countdown

@Honan my beloved 😭
hello uwu
@Rift Sharks SPC selects blue side for game 1!  {Reactions} hop  [2023/11/06 午後 06:19] hidiri no way!
wow... no way ....
<3
Good luck gamers!! it's gonna be epic
stream when?
When your mom decides to call me back
should be up soon-ish
so never 😭
Announcements said in 3 minutes
so should be soonj
ohhhh.  I saw that then saw the link, so i assumed it was up xD
WE POSTING NIGHTCORE?!
gotta piss :piss:
hold up
this what I'm listening to rn

GGS SPECS YALL THE GOATS
<3
@Spectres
ggs really loved playing this season
ggs guys
simply learned more from our last series than we did even tho u didnt need to lol
GG WP!!!
GGs ❤️
ggs!
close
If I say what I wanna say I would not be friends with you anymore
:)
OUR CAPTAIN
ggs
I fucking suck dick
interview our captain logan @Noam
will send us off
❤️
was this the time where noam didn't even say it was close?
yes
LOL
game 1 was much better !
i believed game 1 \:(
me too lol
smodge
syndra too strong
Gruer gap
horrible meta read on our end too I fucked up in draft big time
He's insane
maokai dictated our last series but specs just had us read like books
really fucking well played to them
The TK drafting was wild
Really awesome
tornado diff real i stg  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/11/06 午後 08:15] jeandones fr
season 5 was 2nd most scuffed season ending
LOL
No u don’t king 👑
Erik you played really well
Dude I'm such a disease
Picking Blitz there is a war crime
I'm so fking stupid
I'm so mad
w/e
I'll get over it
you're being way too hard on yourself
Don't beat yourself up king 👑
When all my mid and ad lanes with jg are like so far behind in elo it's literally my job to get them ahead
nah you played well king, keep your head up
and I didn't
Literally the game is mine to lose
it's all good I'll be fine in like 5 hours
i think me not playing camille game 2 is reportable
ngl
I cracked under the pressure of needing to get people ahead its so tough
but i think
the games were good
this isn't flame. i think if you let the wave push into you for 5 seconds between the 2 games and freeze on me i go 0/5 both lanes even on yone
Game 1 was good at least
having a longer lane is so much better for u
me being up against my tower is right where i wanna  be all lane
yeah i thought about it but freezing is boring  {Reactions} 🔥 (6)  [2023/11/06 午後 08:19] swagpiss only reason i didnt
lmaooo
based
classic drago move
unfortunately leeg is boring 😦  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/11/06 午後 08:19] barisaxxy So real for that
i mean there is no way i do anything in that lane anyway
i never really have kill pressure alone
yone mid into syndra would have been the real play game 1, figured that was the plan when it wasnt banned
yeah but lux into tahm is rough
well yeah you'd pick a more traditional top laner ofc, lux got picked early so thats hard yeah
i got completely outplayed that series
lose game 1 into maokai duty for you
yeah man i played like a silver
and i didnt choose proactively
Erik my goat keep your head up king
nah fr even tho it was 2-0, if you had the mic check on spc both games we were on edge the entire time you can't just look at the result. its not like we were gigachilling in call
Appreciate that <3
I think we kinda boomed after game 1 lmaooo
you guys put up a good fight
I thought so too :)
shit happens ye
PLEASE
this fr, we had to keep comms up, you guys had us on the ropes more than you think. games were far from easy imo
I think despite that yall played so confident

@Gruer congrats on win btw
Thanks 🙂

when does the season end and points update/new season start
sorry for late upload was busy ||losing finals||  {Reactions} smodge (3) riftsharks  [2023/11/09 午後 08:11] blackrazor_s2 do current signup games count toward the minimum to being a starter

no
not until monday
got it
will the minimum be 8 again?
gonna be 10
for both starters and subs
trying to avoid the balance controversy from this season lmao
xd

@Dean when arena comes out there will be customs for it will u host a for fun like tournament on it so  ppl can play against eachother

As the 8th person to ask this yes

Is it next patch?

i was the first :D

certainly
🤓
Erm that was before you were allowed to make custom arena lobbies so it doesn't count

Goat.

Me when I’m a discord mod

so season starts at midnight ? :0 poggers ?

signups now count towards the requirement for next season yes?
Yep
When are captains for off-season being announced :isforme:
U can do it rn if u want
I won’t be able to compose anything formal looking for another 8 hours as I am waiting to arrive home :(
when do i get my spc captain role?
Now xd  {Reactions} WICKED (2)  [2023/11/13 午後 04:34] hidiri i know nothing of being a captain
panik

HUHHH?
Why is this happening to me?
What does it mean?

i love how joel has no fucking idea
Bro stopped paying attention after semis
He’s busy with work
It’s ok
@Joel send cat pics
@Joel pick me bb
Yo
Alright
I have my game plan
Everyone who wants on the Joel Train
Just like say so
oh hell yeah
If you react to the message I'm putting your name on my wheel
Sinister undertones are merely side effects of excessive wheel spinning  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2023/11/14 午後 04:08] secretlysecret @Dean Can I get some admin abuse to ping peeps so I can get more names on this wheel?

@Gamers ?
Game?
I’m down
:pain:
i wish bro I was just pinging a role for joel
You wanna be on my wheel?
What does this mean
Yes or no?
Okaydge
:teemothumbs:

Welcome to the wheel, friend

spectres v t1 feature match when
Lemme call Faker and ask him

andro vs t1  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/11/19 午後 03:49] teslaplasmabolt yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

id pay to see it
Bootleg Bjergsen vs Greatest League Player of all time in the mid lane
Bot#8380 like 2 v good like that people need the champions
kinda weird to refer to faker as a bootleg bjerg but w/e
he gambles
@Jar @Olaf (Erik O.) @Jacob @Alana You guys are my lucky four teammates
Feel honored
lmao
Wore
Word
I guess I still need a sub
I uh
Have a team
I have been betrayed
same^
I'm sorry king
shouldve taken an inventory
Alright I guess I did completely forget about it
Now I actually have to reach out to people
Good luck
@Dean @Cam @Olaf (Erik O.) Do my boys already have teams or nah?
I would've loved to play with you if I hadn't already made plans
Should I be sending these in DMs?
It's alright Jacob
You don't have to justify treason
Bot#8380 i played botlane holy
I think that's how people have been doing it
But no reason you have to do it that way I suppose
Cool
I always hated following rules
wait i do not remember reacting to that
im sorry
i have a team
My heart is actually in pieces
Take teddy
he wants to be on your team
That makes one of us
and thought he was on the wheel
Well at least I have my boy Mason
@hongbaabaa And maybe Teddy
moi....
eyyyyyyyyy
You should also reach out to Kathy!
Alright lemme do that
I didn't forget about you buddy, don't worry.
Now I'm just worried that you and Mason are gonna inflate the numbers too much
Presumably
Because I don't know what the numbers are
oh Joel i reacted to it because it was a funny idea before you said that people who reacted would be added to the wheel lmao
its looking rough yeah
tsk tsk
Always with your excuses Mr. Dean
Same
this goes fucking crazy by the way
swap you and avery roles but uk
Guess I gotta bug the goat

damn i gotta play adc slave role again
my support goes so crazy
kathy can adc
nah its ok
You can play whatever you want Teddy
take my bestie kathy
kathy 4 prez
Real
She's onboard
Actually technically she didn't say yes
But I'm pretty sure she meant it
she said she was LFT last night
Alright we're good
Just gotta get the word from Avery and we're golden

Is there anyone worth an inconsequential amount of points that is willing to sub for my team?
I forgot I needed one.  {Reactions} clean (2) midwives missing  [2023/12/02 午後 10:52] blackrazor_s2 is my browser borked or is team roster page not working atm
i can look into it

are points just perma hidden now?
yes
whats the reasoning?
if you dont mind me asking
because for me that just means I can't even consider people until they've done their placement games
because I have no clue of my team's point value with less than 5 people
like if there's all these rules for max point value for teams, and I can never see anyone's point value, it just makes everything really vague
they were previously around to make the math doable, but because of the wierd rules even if you have the poitns you cant really do the math
simply know all the points
just add people to the team and if its green ur good and if not its not
real
ty for explaining
you can still see if the team will be valid without them finishing signups

it was
not
a good game
nah you played well that champ is dooky
fax
im a j4 enjoyer
but alas cam isn not
we didnt get side!
i hate that way of representing it 😔
laziness stays winning sry
ok ill update it but its also how weve determined it the other 4+ times weve run the format its not new
ok actually im not updating it because it doesnt say any of the rules for determining side select

this implies that side select is given to whoever the admins are feeling on the day
(id put something in the rules about who gets it so its clear and concrete)

Admins got too much power I demand a democracy!

Ok and? :GigaKsante:
go to bed
Good block tbh
If I find the motivation to write up a official doc for the server rules like we did for team format it will be added on that but that little paragraph is just meant to be a brief overview, it’s missing a lot of information that is more important than side select

@Cam the sylas pick :gigaChad:  {Reactions} 🔥  [2023/12/17 午前 10:01] taximanvevo when does s8 start

6 years ago
OH
We doing time travel scrims next season
You pick the season of league you wanna play per game
Coin flip decides who chooses

We will most likely determine when team format of season 7 starts on Tuesday
I assume that’s what u were asking
S7 just finished right
No
S7 just started a month ago
O

i was kind of a terror back in season 3
(to my own team)
trackpad anivia player
thought i was fucking froggen or something

xD
???
What u mean
I’m so happy to finally be back in season discussion
Carrot and PB rolling up to your door
Nah it’s so doomed, MVP has a monopoly on the best supports in the server
You don't have Kathy or Noam on your team
Season 4 all supports represent
Season 4 was so long ago, those games were streamed in black and white
Mickey Mouse acrimzone seasons
Nah that season was legit
Cylakats vs kgs was top tier league
So the only real seasons were season 2 and 4?
Yea tbh /j
I’m making my return back to mid lane if that helps
@PB can you and carrot discuss ur Quantico training to become feds
As his Captain he will not disclosing any details at this time @Jar
LOL
Mason do you know who their jungler is
Another kind soul lost to the feds 😔
The real question is do they know who their jg is
Well I certainly hope Valor does considering he already DMd scrimbot about it
Let’s just say I won’t be able to play pyke or kayn mid this season
Kayn player in this server does not narrow it down the way you think it does xd
(it's me)
(he poached me from mtb)
Oh my jungler
I don’t think he one tricks that much
I’m just trying to pull the kayn mid out lol unless it’s against my fellow Syndra lover.
@Julian Do you one trick anything?
Wdym
Guys let the pyke through it’s surely gonna be pyke mid, what’s the worst that could happen
If we ever lock pyke it’s obv valor, I’m a xerath main now
Storm surge > Support version of it > misery

Can someone make an image that says all the moves :)))))

You can
:)

Hell nah I ain’t got time for that
Maybe when they are done or smth

Am I getting scrim reading comprehension diffed or when is the start date for the season?

@PB clearly a reading comp diff
I can’t find it
Help I can’t read

This Wednesday iirc

Nah this one’s on me
I’ll post tn
But yeah this
cap of the century
i woke him up gang do not worry  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/01/21 午後 05:03] mason_jars I gotta pee relax
awake doesnt mean in bed lights out computer not on when we got the pod in 12 minutes 😭
just need to document that its not my fault we late u understand
wait can we listen live
yea
where
twitch or spotify?

twitch
vod stays up on twitch until posted on yt

Let's have a good game gl @Masked Valoran Pirates  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/01/21 午後 07:01] carrotburrito fr

youre ill

gg wp everyone!
ggs
ggs!!

everyones off lmao
i can join if you want but
u can just wrap stream tbh
i wanna eat dinner
we all left to eat
havent eaten since like 1pm
idk who asked for these but
ik someone did
@PB ? maybe ?

&moralleaderboard
Bot#8380 Top 5 Most Moral Members Name - Moral Points: Jar - 3354 Michael - 133 Evi - 68 Eden - 35 Hidiri - 32 List updates everyday when I consult the universe.
evi aware
top lane goat
senna?!
"they will not pick senna" ~ mason jars  {Reactions} ❓ 🔥  [2024/01/23 午後 09:30] jeandones @101 Thieves guys uh
hwei is disabled
i cant pick him
should we redraft?
do you own him
yes its disabled
hmmmm
redraft ig?
redraft 🤓 👆
ok I make new links rq
do we run back same bans or wha
first round bans need to be locked
bare min
we only left up senna cuz hwei counter
so
idk if that affects ur choice
theres more than hwei that counters senna i feel
hwei has been turned off almost all day
right but that was our draft strategy regardless
that is l;iterally your fault
so why didnt you say something when i picked him?
bc my fire alarm was going ogff
LOL
i was hardly here for draft
^
well if the rest of your team didn't know
🗿
Bot#8380 🙂
just sent links
its w/e
then it's also reasonable we didn't!
Im not pressed about it
letsgo
fight fight fight
mwahahahahaaha
banning camille :smodge:  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/01/23 午後 09:57] mason_jars @Noam peep the build

no hwei :(
gonna go cry
\:)
wait is it not alphabetical
by time
ohh
cuz if it was alphabetical it would sort by team LMAO
mason's game happened before yours so he shows up
right
i mean i guess i could sort before i append team but
:fizzshrug:
yeah lol
this is a fine way to do it
realistically people will start getting more than 1 mvp
and this way theres no bias against certain players

RAAAAAAA

im coming for ur crown
5th in the tie, sit down lil bro
bro we are all tied
BUT IM STILL FIRST
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

He's cooking with this one I fear
He lives!!
NOT TRUE

the aspect ratio

adds a lot imo

for the record i do NOT condone the meta busters hate mason is just a :stirring:
@Noam ur team sucks /j
Is there context for this
nope
Oh you guys are podcasting
no he literally just thinks you guys are bad 😭
theres no basis
L + ratio I just won't watch \:)
i want him to shut up so you watch bro
nothing i can do
you claim im ur biggest opp but really ur biggest opp was on ur team the whole time
No you've always been my second
Mason has forever and always been first
LOL
im giving you a buff tbh
everyone i publicly flame always performs
Except you when you're on my team I suppose

@Rift Sharks Let's have a good game tonight. Gl hf!
glhf to u guys as well
im sure its gonna be fun
Glhf ❤️
Gonna be a banger
You too, my former rats
:rats:
:rats:
:rats:
yes @Arnye
type that stuff here pls
dont want to clutter draft links
kk
@Andromeda what is ur roster? its not in tool
mine is in
what do you mean
yeah it is
i see 101 thieves
in tool
someone probably had tool open
and overwrote it
can u just type it here
so i know
for draft
can we reset draft
sure
ye
tool is fixed
Arnye Apari Jonah Dad Honan
i was told a few days ago it was starters so i didnt checv
thanks
its sent r whenever
ban the same champs tho?
sure
im ngl i didnt even see the draft tab
same
@Andromeda sorry lads the eepiest kitten strikes again  {Reactions} 👎  [2024/01/28 午後 06:38] jeandones jacbos league crashing hold on

r

my bad
gg
GG WP EVERYONE!
ggs
ggs
gg uwu
ggs

@Valor who playing karma?
PB  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/01/28 午後 09:08] nomulus red side  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/01/28 午後 09:23] nomulus who playing maokai?

@Dean do i need to screenshot games?
yes pls tag spoiler

we will take blue
you're making links right \:)
o
we were noyt
sike

ggwp !
ggs! @Masked Valoran Pirates
gg everyone!
ggs! @Masked Valoran Pirates  very fun!
ggs y'all
ggs
ggs
ggs
gg!!

when yesterday's series finish getting casted?
probably before tmrws series
😔

@Noam was I wrong tho
huh
i'm not spoiling results
you can't trick me
XD
I'm just him what can I say
Mason: *predicts 2-0 for MVP* Mason: *also says that everyone he publicly flames performs*
you are a coward and I will not shut up about it
Nay brother wdym
Gift of prophecy

literally 0 lies here
constantly saying ur champs are weak so u look good regardless of game results ....

i mean udyr has legit not been pick ban worthy for at least year lmao

@Dean is there gonna be a livestream for M31 vs RS?
probably not?
ill probably just make a vod and try to get someone to do a voiceover
Aight, was just wondering when we were free to discuss stuff regarding outcomes of matches bc I noticed it wasn't updated on the website
up to you
can always just spoiler tag it to be safe
How do I do that again? It's been ages since I've had to do it
||
ah ok

He can’t predict federal agents >:)  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/01/30 午後 03:08] gruer Bump since this didn’t occur last season  {Reactions} 🔥 (5)  [2024/01/30 午後 03:11] killiax we lookin for a repeat performance

So 101 thieves 2-0 cuz Jonah's not playing?
surely
I have faith

im cursing it i guess lmao
where did i go?
Put down.
Gl hf gamers. Let's have a good series.
@101 Thieves
yep!
ghlf!!!!!!
🫡 🫡

"ok we'll ban ekko"
*clicks kassadin*
uhoh
o7
you could have asked then
kinda late now
I mean
it was me being stupid
thats completely my fault
I wouldnt redraft over that :/
or replace it
whatevs
Most Honorable Captain 🫡
It's okay
For next time

Ok well i guess everything is just a restream until riot fixes their fucking client
spectator bug is back for good i guess
sadge
Time works for us
can we run it like frostbite and just stream our games on a delay
an hour delay?
Bot#8380 bag
or a couple days
does it matter?

i mean yeah ill do it afterwards
its just dumb
like
riot should make their game work?
and not fire a bunch of ppl for no reason?  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2024/01/30 午後 09:38] jeandones if their game doesnt work?
gg!
gg wp!
gg
that would reduce profits though
i think the game not working would arguably also reduce profits
gg

@Noam @Julian can we swap teams rq
huh
me for julian
what does that mean
julian play for me
gonna go get milk
:missing:
why would we agree to this I don't want to play againts a stronger rift sharks
it would be fun

is someone wirting me a new contract?

@Noam udyr pwetty pwease?

wpgg @Rift Sharks
ggwp bois
fun series
ggs
@Toucini were u bound to the karma pick or did u choose that nefarious champ yourself
i must know
i wanted to play it since game 1 lol
ok twisted fate
i'm not dean i let my players play what they want!
lmao
this would explain the || 0-10 season :smodge:  ||
true dean said i couldnt play tf
?
i also let him play yi despite not wanting it so
accusations dont hold
“let him”  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2024/02/02 午後 10:15] toucini_ can we get a welfare check @ rift sharks
champ sucks what can i say
hey he chose his fate
i simply delivered it to him

I will be attempting to stream the game tonight
If spectator bug still exists I will just be recording everything as vods
Riot games… pls fix :(

Is Smolder banned for the game?
Not available until patch 14.3
kk
(patch after he was released)

RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG RIOT FIX UR SPECTATOR CLIENT I STG  {Reactions} 🔥 (6)  [2024/02/04 午後 09:10] cylako @Masked Valoran Pirates letting u know we are 2-0 for skin wins

js get pooped on
by the good graces of everything game 2 is live ! @Updates

ggs
ggs
ggs!
xd bro
"What better way to ring in the new season than watching your friends"
psych
ggs both teams!
I'll also be there tonight but that's beside the point.
Dean sell ur soul to the devil to get this stream working
Bro is probably busy tn
Also he already tried devil declined the deal
Washed ekko 1 trick vs deer abuser who wins
U stream then old man
If Dean can't get it working you think I can????
You think riot games will work for mason when it doesn’t work for me or Noam smodge
They killed my game it's the least they could do tbh
Cam is playing on their team though?
Ur smart
KAPPPPPPPPA
@Cam any response to these allegations
Bars from gruer holy
Sucks this series isnt gonna get streamed tho xd
“Series is gonna get streamed” Let’s go Mason fixed it
it is just so unfortunate i am both of these right now.

Washed midlaner has to role swap every season to most op role so he can hit diamond no clickbait!?!?!?
Jk ur still my mid goat
idk why i'm included in this idk how to use replay files LMAO
dont look at the ekko wr
Replay files work, you tried to spectate live with me and it didn’t let you either
tru
Speaking of replay files @Masked Valoran Pirates @101 Thieves can anyone send the ones from yesterday?

Not home rn  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/02/05 午後 03:49] blackrazor_s2 doth thou still needeth them?

yes

@Gruer || azul ||
Azure lane
|| ye ole triple ban jg ||
jg diff

GG @Andromeda
Gg wp
gg
ggs
ggs
Bot#8380 lmaaoo  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/02/05 午後 09:45] apari1010 gg
ggs

Gg
Was considering it
LOL
No I really want nothing more than to be able to just cast games normally
Change bottom text to "who wants to cast scrim games with me" and put your face on top
Ooh that’s not bad either
We did good week 1!
riot KABOOM scrimzone  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2024/02/06 午後 03:33] teslaplasmabolt targeted attack D:
:ireliaing:
Ah shit it doesn’t work
Y’all know the gif
Zing zing zing
It’s this mfs fault ^

i need to see if i mic quality is good enough for it, but id have to be a cocaster

Just join anyway lmao
Talk through my car mic
Sounds like a Wendy's drive though
"can I get a number 5" "xerath with the double kill"
a 4 for 4 drag fight combo  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2024/02/06 午後 05:34] carrotburrito I just imagine this for you casting lmao
No I love casting (when the spectator works)
I just can’t cast my own games and I tend to keep myself busy
fixed @Dean

@Andromeda @Spectres I need postgames by 10pm or games will be lost to the void
plsty
arnye
I thought arnie did it already?
oh
sorry
replays
.rofl
not postgames
wait
lemme offer you an alternative
i could cast them with some members of specters rn
start with some of the older ones lol
this would be really helpful actually yeah
do you want me to change stream title?
other ones are already clipped and shipped my guy
oh
shit
nvm
ty ty, ill get obs up and streamed in like 15-30 mins
someone needs to record the m31 spc before the patch rolls over
technically i could just not update my league actually
title is good
im recording 101 v mvp rn
yeeee
do you need the stream for that or nah
nope!
all you
ight, ill work on assembling some form of avengers
Wait where??
the yt has all of them
We’re like 2 days behind on YouTube

@Masked Valoran Pirates one of your games is frozen spam click your screen for it to crash
It won’t crash on its own
Ya mb
On me
I was in the bathroom lol

gfg @Masked Valoran Pirates
gg
gfg
hell of a match
fr fr
gg
super fun
ggs @Rift Sharks
GGwp
I was supposed to be asleep by now
same i work in 6 hours lmfao
can't wait to watch
idk if u want to lmao
PB subbed that last game
lent him my account
do not let that man play taric  {Reactions} 🤣  [2024/02/08 午後 11:04] secretlysecret Yeah you're gonna need a mid series nap to get through that one

Stav, Noam, Toucini, Hong, Foojer
@Noam yes?
i believe that order too
correct
okay thanks king
Bot#8380 we have been reaching into the waters to aoe damage would go for gwen plush doll
hbu guys
Cam, Bean, Sarv, Coffee, Kathy  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/02/11 午後 07:15] nomulus @Spectres lillia not brand

can i get a confirmation that you guys saw this :>
we saw
!
okie dokie
who playing smolder?
top lane
as in cam?
ye  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/02/11 午後 07:17] camdotzip sry wasnt sure which piece of info i was supposed to give

@Meta Busters ur all scared
i mean
did you see that last game
says the one who bans my fiora both games (:
i am scared!!
||saw toucini hit the nastiest backdoor||
spoiler tag that!
sry boss
i dont wanan lose to smolder
my ego is too big  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2024/02/11 午後 08:19] theoneandonlypretzel ||yeah I hit your backdoor p nasty too||
Spoiler tag that too ^^  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/02/11 午後 08:20] jeandones Smh

@Meta Busters GG
gg
gg!
ggwp !
Gruer forcing his former team to play in his place because he's scared:

@Dean are you doing podcast this week?
My computer is currently in pieces on my desk
(And has been since Wednesday)
I will keep u posted I am on vacation
Tldr rift sharks are frauds metabusters are best team
Also andromeda is really good
We haven’t done one since they popped off lol
True
TLDR
Also Julian goat jg and if you ever need to father a team noam made hmu
/j tm
Mason too scared to play into Julian in our series :stirring:
True
He fathers me what can I say
You^
His gragas>my udyr
True higher ban rate I think
LMAOO
We beat MVP though and you guys lost...
Do not check the game we played vs you xd
I'm Mason's guardian angel, I forced him to the bench by being busy  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/02/12 午後 05:29] .jaspr Delayed the inevitable face off
LOL
Jacob saving my rep
What does this mean

See you on Sunday 🤫  {Reactions} teemothumbs (2)  [2024/02/15 午後 05:10] mason_jars Whose downfall should I root for

Find out on the next State of Scrims podcast
It’s gonna be an insane series though, I’m super excited for it!
Mine

Might as well keep up the trend of calling me overrated/washed, one of these days I’ll have a bad performance and you can finally say you were right 😘
Based
Praying on noams downfall is kinda fun tho
Bro took my whole flow word for word bar for bar
You can’t let that slide

You losing 2-0 is exciting......?
hopefully the metabusters will actually play something off meta

First time for everything  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2024/02/16 午後 04:04] jeandones Blake had 500 cs in our game 3

holy shit

I hit the minions
only 7.8 cs/min u were lacking
@Spectres @Meta Busters can someone send me replay files for your series?

I'll check if I have them
I do not
@Cam should

I will check when I get home
How

ggs
gg @Masked Valoran Pirates
gg @Spectres  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/02/17 午後 09:41] jeandones @Spectres @Masked Valoran Pirates same thing we need replay files sent!
@Cam were you able to check from last series?
Sarv got them both we good!
@Blake @Avery need post games!!!
Or whoever specs top was

is this still needed

no i think we're good

:)
❤️

|| this is the most fed maokai i've seen in my life at 7 min te he ||

ggwp
gg wp all
real.
ggs!
GGWP
im so back
who me?
||i bench myself for rest of season!|| ggs
I do also like seeing men kissing
@Arnye can you send post games please
ggs
Okay :D
??????????????????????????????
@Dad ||the repeat top ganks game 1 ||
same but i dont go around telling people that??
I'm just responding to what Caesarius said in a way that's doesn't spoil the game

im lost

He’s stacking that cheddar  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2024/02/19 午後 09:43] mason_jars ggs

Ggs
@Rift Sharks GG!
ggs

gg's

ggs

@Noam mr admin wrong channel!
oops
ty mr udyr otp
can we make it a rule that if you ban udyr vs me its a hate crime
sure
me every mason game
damn we got alot of blue lives matter supporters in the server
I ........
Again??

Season 7 scrims is lost media  {Reactions} 😭 (4)  [2024/02/22 午後 04:24] teslaplasmabolt It's so joever 😔

At this point we write our own spectator client

Vods should be uploaded for all games except SPC vs M31 (this one has been lost to the void blame is 100% on me sorry)
most of them are still processing but ill try to get all posted in results
No longer lost media
Nah still lost media we can't spectate for 2 weeks
well the one game is oops
14/0/14 gruer performance gone to the void

Gruer could never

when is next pod
i have a debt to settle
Bot#8380 bam! side
first and only relevant gif that comes up when i type watch out mason
I get back home on the 4th  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/02/24 午前 12:52] jeandones So probably after that
Have 2 more side quests before I’m done lol

Lets have a good game MVP, gl hf.  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/02/25 午後 06:57] drdadd no  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/02/25 午後 06:57] arnye :(  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/02/25 午後 06:58] arnye 🥹

@Andromeda fyi im in just in case u didnt know
yeye we got it

glhf :3
ggs @Andromeda
gg wp!
gg
gg
ggs!
@Noam who is playing vlad
toucini
can we talk about how I am never getting pyke
like
is there a more banned player
you jus tplayed against him???
blake gp and zach kat might have u beat
cope
me
@Noam who is on ornn :3
he plays less, and idk bout the kat
XD
me on rell
mason on andromeda real??
all im saying is @Jar gets his udyr every now and then
I have played Kayn a total of 1 game in scrimzone and I have not seen it since
i already played thresh adc and xerath adc this season plz
yea cuz noam likes trollinng LMAO
?
well who tf says no when hes into me
joke tm
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
Bot#8380 im gonna play varus is a top lane useful for scrims and synergizes with kalista plz  {Reactions} 🔥 (7)  [2024/02/25 午後 08:53] toucini_ LMFAOO
scrimbot wanted some of the action
let him cook
also you have not gotten the 5 ban special u are not a victim
All im saying is, any series where you really want something to get through just hit me up with a dm and no ban
as VP of scrimzone, i will ensure the continued functionality of scrimbot
;-; brother i cannot organize the thresh pyke trade
ngl idk what makes me more mad, that I never get pyke, or I have never had my renata banned
gotta one trick renata top to inflate my kda
mtb rn
y'all are experimenting deviously

if only we could watch :(
@Blake or @Arnye needed game 1 post game… :(
got it
i would like to formally apologize for the accusations of no metabusting
ggwp
if anyone
ever accuses my team again
of not being willing to metabust
bro wheres the meta busting
i formally hand in my retirement
ggs @Meta Busters
ggs
ggs
@Dean i'm retiring sorry
GG
ggs @Meta Busters
ggs
if anyone wants my captain spot for next season speak up now
be warned that the meta busters label causes everyone to scrutinize your drafts every series so you might want to change it
noam rn
i'm only /hj
haven't decided yet
:(

Okay I have made up my mind
Meta Busters is a legacy name and if you guys complain when we play meta comps then you're owned + L + ratio  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/02/25 午後 10:10] araaraavery agreedge
+ stinky  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/02/25 午後 10:11] secretlysecret But what if I don't wanna be owned but still wanna be mad about it for no reason?
then you're being like Mason and that's not healthy for anyone
Damn
Literally could not be a more persuasive argument
mason rn
^ mason
catching strays like crazy

tbf i am number one stray thrower so more should be headed my way tbh
you should keep it btw its a fun name lmao
i'm not changing it
if someone wins on Akali jungle in team format then we can talk
fuck the haters  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/02/25 午後 11:09] carrotburrito Honestly it’s crazy I never played JHin when I was on MB
Missed opportunity
Gotta bring it back
simply ignore what other people say and play the game lmao
Is jhingle still doable
today i realized
was he ever
Fr Fr
When jhin support was sorta meta ik he was very viable jungle like played high elo
yes and yes
crazy
@Joey time to practice /j
not crazy viable but phylaris released a clear video on it
It became a lot more popular early season 13 iirc

Study it so we can role swap

Ik jhin mid is solid rn
Maybe I’ll spend some time 5 role jhin
Does the hydra thing still work

Blasphemous. I think 4 role Jhin

🫡
Mb mb ur right, toplane is hell anyways
Ive had fun playing top lane :^)
The role does match ur preferences
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
Up to viewer interpretation
I must be vague or the shadow cabal will come for me

You like skill expressive 1v1s and lane management!
Thx Noam, at least ur not a hater

PB plays  only tanks that aren’t ksante that’s like as good of a toplaner as you’ll get
No ranged, no Jax, no mages, no lane bullies, just some handshake farming
NO MORE CAGES
Hey dumba$$ I played ||gnar|| yesterday
Jk I love u kid

Gnar is not a lane bully he’s only sorta ranged and he’s kind of a tank

Bro played karma top Mr fbi
Take ur meds king the delusions are getting too strong
Everyone makes mistakes
I’ve played lux once or twice, I might’ve ffed once or twice in my life, I don’t invade sometimes, but that doesn’t define me
Unfortunately playing karma top does
Does gnar ornn Urgot mordekaiser kennen mean I’m safe or no
I play fiora too but I’m so ungodly bad at her that I think it doesn’t count

Urgot and kennen send you to the shadow realm no
I mean I know they’re annoying but I wasn’t sure if they strayed into watchlist territory
But I will accept my judgement
Imma be real playing top just puts you on a list
They wanna be on a cross so bad

This is crazy
Hate the players not the game or whatever
Adc top players biggest victim complex
Adc players either have an ego issue or a self esteem issue I feel like that’s a trend I see a lot

My two roles :(
Makes you think huh
Yeah makes me think why #1 victim claimer mason jars does not play those roles  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2024/02/26 午後 05:09] mason_jars Nah but see jglers are the actual victims it's just nobody knows

idk about you but i chose that roll
i dug my grave ill lay in it
Yea but as the actual victims of racism we are allowed to complain
when did it get racist?
When everyone types jg diff frame 1
thats just part of the role
But does it have to be
yes
Nay
if u dont like it play support lmao we stay getting dogged on in our role
they hate us cause we got map awareness
Bro wants to be oppressed crazy
fellas
is it racist to whistle along to a song and not stop whistling if the singer/rapper drops the n-word
was thinking about this while walking back home from class
LOL
good question

I feel like adcs have the most ground to argue they’re victimized by toplaners

Better safe than sorry

glhf!!!!!!!!

@101 Thieves GG!
gg!
GGs everyone
ggs everybody! fun series
ITS FOLDY SHEET TIME EVERYONE
Bot#8380 i would like thats not though
Who's gonna go through podcast to pull up Mason and Dean predictions
this is literally baked or based side by side like
:confusedcrank: :GigaKsante:
im a little off but had the general correct idea
Mason when asked to separate personal biases from his analysis
:PFFFTTTOOO:
holy bars batman :Joker_Giggle:
this but us getting last :(  {Reactions} airwick  [2024/02/27 午後 04:44] nomulus Don't look MTB chances to get 5th
Don't we still have a decent amt of games to play smh
46/8096 scenarios where mason is correct vs 476/8096 scenarios where I am
all im sayin
Well if we have the exact same lists it's a boring pod no
says the guy who chose to go first LMAO
let me ego youre the better league player so
i get this
Lol
I was doing a doctor strange impression dw
Besides the noam hates me narrative goes hard

narrative?

My paypal is open if someone wants them both wrong  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2024/02/27 午後 05:42] mason_jars Name ur price

350 a game
Argentine Pesos, I like my currency to devalue faster than crypto

When is next pod?
I WILL be listening live
dean said around march 4th
THE FUTURE IS NOW OLD MAN
YOU HEARD IT FIRST
THAT FUTURE IS THIS ONE  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2024/02/27 午後 07:28] .jaspr I'M A BELIEVER

Have the SPC MTB and SPC 101T series recorded - cant upload until im home for some reason. Expect them up by tomorrow at the latest. Don't have replays for MVP M31 - I think Honan has the replays but he can't do much with them until the weekend. If someone wants to send them over to me I can get it recorded and up by tmrw.

I Can prob get them
How would you like me to share them?
Whatever file sharing is easiest for you - I prefer google drive but anything works really. Just shoot me a DM
Bet I should get them to you around 430
Cool! Ill record them tmrw tysm

Are they going to be casted?
Not at the time they are uploaded but likely in the future at some point
Ideally spectator is fixed on 14.5 and we can go back to live casting
Dean's a dreamer today pog
Hey i said ideally i didnt say "i think it will"
Tis ok to dream brother xd
14.5 - league of legends gains 800 ping for all players

Udyr players play on 1000 ping instead to balance the champ
Champ sucks wdym
I have to scroll down to find him on op gg therefore bad

101 thieves gauntlet pogo
101Thieves fans eating good this week 😋

All 1 fan
this is the week we bring it back though

There's 2 right here huh

I'm a single timeline believer

jacob is planning on his team losing to 101T this weekend

Benched!

sorry jimbo

He will be sorely disappointed

@101 Thieves who is on chogath?
that is a good question
Imma be real
I got no clue
probably jackson?
did someone's game crash?
prob jackson  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/03/02 午後 08:31] nomulus stuck on 100% for like 2 minutes
hes here but he said hes pinging
going hard over here
Oh boy I can’t wait for dean to spectate so I can watch some scrimzone
clueless

@101 Thieves ggs!
gg!
ggs!
rule check?
ggs y'all
gg
alright appreciate it
so we did inform correctly. glad we got it out of the way thankfully
For future reference, when we ask who is playing what champ, we mean what player. Not what role. You don't need to disclose that part. Thanks for understanding!
yeah i figured now lol
i thought u were wondering what lane

GL HF Meta Bustars lets have a good game
Corn - Joey - Toucini - Hongbaabaa - Foojer
roster?
arnye - jonah - gruer - honan - dad
can we delay 1 min?
im being trolled
sadge
can we not?
or is my website bugged
oh wait shit
i could've sworn
no my website shows the same
oh?
wait
does our game 1 not count then
this wasnt intentional
stav was just ouit
take the loss since we already started an hour and a half late?
move to game 3 at 1-1?
the admins can decide, wake me up when september ends  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/03/03 午後 08:10] drdadd we need to start the next game anyways so can we hurry up and find a solution?
trying
its either game one or game 2 with yall having a loss no? we just trying to hurry along since we made plans for an earlier start time
why would it be game 2 with us having a loss
@Noam
that's not an automatic loss for us though
?
i get this shit hasnt happened before but also not my mistake that yall messed this up
im just trying to move this along since once again, we planned for 6est start time
little odd that we're moving this straight to a 0-1 instead of just rescheduling a match
a little weird that i said start over first?
quiet part out loud, but this sets a bad precedent if you guys just get away scott free  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/03/03 午後 08:13] toucini_ its also to my knowledge that we ASKED for the time to be pushed later
there was every right to say no
We're not getting away scott free
We took responsibility and are trying to work out a solution with the other admins
yeah i know noam, i trust you
We'll take the loss
It's fine
ok just take the L and move on then
its w/e
No time to start over
Just have to 2-0 now
I accept full responsibility for not checking and whatever consequences come with that
but did you get an answer or did yall just say you cant start on time?
just kidding obviously! lets get to the game please
glad we came to a solution quickly
lol
Stopping the conversation ehre
Does not matter
Stop typing everyone on my team
I am now awaken, lets get it
@Stanley what was the decision
for what
series?
Game 1 counts as MB loss
ok just curious
whats the roster sub
@Stanley
roster is noam - joey - thomas - teddy - foojer
noam in for corn
gotcha

@Valor looks like me and u in fantasy finals 😘

I'd like to apologize again for the roster issues
Hope the loss to compensate is satisfactory for those affected by it
ggs!
its not we actually want to reschedule now 😉
gg wp
ggs everyone
@Arnye can you send g2 postgame?
ggs
ggs!
I am getting someone else to do it
gg wp
okay

@101 Thieves GG
gg!
Can someone send me game replays? Thanks!
Hope it was a fun series for both teams!

No u
I play u on tues babe dw
photoshop  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2024/03/04 午前 04:44] valormvp And it’s a super week this is gonna be rough

Pod angle? 👀
sometime this week tm
gotta figure out when im free
:teemothumbs:

@101 Thieves GGS!
gg!
Jacob I love you
gg
when are we merging?
renata mvp  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/03/05 午後 10:26] cylako blessed
love you king \<3
❤️
referring to me in game 1 obviously
obviously
renatata is good with right comps
did not int that game
promise
💔
good overall
Pinned a message.
i fucking love that champ
so fun

spectate is still broken btw team :(

its so joever
Bot#8380 zac can play draven trist
@PB pod tn
Yes I'm farming yall for content, no I don't care
harvest me daddy  {Reactions} 👎 ❤️  [2024/03/06 午後 02:22] cornedbread I’m not trying to say you’re wrong, but I was able to spec game 1 of the series last night, so maybe it’s just a bug with the spectator role in customs? I was able to click on your name and hit spectate game and watch it all the way through, other than the fact that I missed the first 7 minutes of the game I think

I’m not sure if this would solve any issues but maybe worth a shot as a temp workaround?
Maybe it *only* works with customs?
Because you can’t spectate normal or ranked games on the patch like the option is just greyed out
It would be really funny if it worked all patch and we just didn’t notice
LOL that would be so rough
It seems likely
You didn’t want to stream games and needed a break is the misinformation I’m gonna be spreading  {Reactions} ❤️ (2)  [2024/03/06 午後 02:25] jeandones I mean I couldn’t stream them regardless lmao I don’t need to lie to duck the stream
But go off say whatever u want
Mason angle
Darius is underpowered and needs buffs, he doesn’t even have a 60 percent win rate. Oh also, where stream, spec has no issues?  {Reactions} ❤️ (2) 💀 (2)  [2024/03/06 午後 02:29] jeandones Bars

What time is the start?

10:30?
Unsure

i amm in a game xd
sorry team was not checking the tie
time

presence is fixed on the website
game was misentered

@Noam @Will I love how y’all are fighting for third place now yet your points are insane and the battle for first @Dean and I are like rubber chicken slapping  {Reactions} 😔  [2024/03/10 午前 08:00] blackrazor_s2 It’s rough out here man

@Dean this is the series that determines a lot for the both of us

yep im watching lmao
not going well for me i fear

@Valor all i need is tomo not to int  {Reactions} 🤣  [2024/03/10 午後 07:00] valormvp well with that first blood its gg lmfao

Bot#8380 Your blood volume is very healthy. The blood volume opposite you is very unhealthy. Why did you abandon your teammates?
WHY DID YOU DO IT VALOR
WHY DID YOU ABANDON YOUR TEAMMATES??

@Valor ggs
uhnless tiebreakers count

Just realized I'm a massive idiot - @Spectres can still do as good as tie for 2nd. They just will lose any tiebreaker they are in? But definitely possible for them to make playoffs
hope this is a great inspiriation for yall
my brain needs a ram reset i fear

tajm
tahm
@Spectres
tahm @Spectres
heard
👍

@Masked Valoran Pirates GG!
ggs king
Ggs
@Avery Daddy can I go play with the neighbors kids  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2024/03/10 午後 09:45] plainbagel26 Blake stole top from me only to get sonned sadge
#FREETHESTEVES

Gotta learn nami Janna

Scrimbot and I cooking

Carrot openly leaking team strats wtf broski  {Reactions} 🤣  [2024/03/11 午後 12:04] jeandones he simply does not give a shit
based
could have simply done one of these
how did you just have that on hand from 2 years ago 😭
it's pinned in general lol
ohh lol

They moved the orb to Europe it's ok
when does korea get the orb

@Dean roster tool updated?
nah
need side first
red
ill get it in in a sec
updated our stuff

@Gruer your roster isnt in
i have no clue who is playing on your team
@Andromeda
restart draft
draft redo?
you must have reset it -_-
i refreshed before putting it in
it was blank
reset it
and i put it in at 650
wrog!
report stanley
Bot#8380 it thnx
Arnye Apari Honan Gruer Dad
Thear
sorry i've never done it before, I could have messed up. i put in what i had right before i asked you
ill remake lilnks
ty daddy
links for 711 tho so we can get into it
idk how i feel about the gruer adc arc
what does this mean
Link asaf
the time?? since we have to put a time to be ready
asap*
its better in the manga
GL HF RIFT SHARKS LETS HAVE A GOOD GAME!!AA  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/03/11 午後 08:47] jeandones side?

red
word

ggs
ggs
GG WP EVERYONE!!!
gg wp guys
gg wp

@swagpisser need post games

@Dean when next podcast?👀

Good question
Let me fix my sleep schedule and then I’ll get back to u on it lol

@Noam no ban udyr thanks
okay
:tf:
GLHF @Meta Busters
gl hf
U 2 <3

:icing:
bringing this back
mad?

@Noam 1 game please
for the people
1 game what
pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
my champ sucks
idk what that means
i beg
is that a new champ
true
looks pretty cool
new to mme
thats from smite right?
yeya
dota
Bot#8380 we good fucking top now he’s pyke kayn or whatev't do a nightmare
maybe from hots
I think that might be the skarner rework
you banned my naut
so
omg hi stav
no udyr
Hi Jacob
oops @Noam
told corn to send
give 1 sec pls :isforme:
i have not slept
mb

ggs
gg!
ggs!
gg's
ggs
ggs! @Rift Sharks
ggs
ggs y'all!
Gg gamers
ggs
MVPS Game 1: Corn Game 2: Dean Game 3: Foojer  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2024/03/15 午後 09:39] carrotburrito idk where i put this
this works perfect thanks
gg
thank you @Joel  for going easy on me
@Andromeda @101 Thieves can someone send replay files
@Dean i just thought about this, youve subjugated yourself to toplane duty
why
i like it
its fun
(when im not playing || gangplank  oops|| )
play more ||gangplank||
instant ban
bro i go through the effort to spoiler it and you just send it out there man :pain:
bam
rookie mistake?
can i still blame it on that?

I just can't help the need to boogie down

Mason out nights this week so looking for someone to cohost w me new webcam gets here monday so then or after works :)
I can still do weekdays xd
But if someone else wants to tap in go nuts
podcast or like game cast
Pod

nvm im dumb
mason getting replaced pog

Due to replay file bug, game 1 of a couple of our series are missing, legit nothing we can do about it, but giving a heads up anyway
one meta busters series, and m31 vs rs

rip
are they ever gonna fix replay/spectator

Well it isn’t entirely broken

Yeah this is just a
Sometimes after the game finishes the replay file just
Poof
Gone
It is broken though
It does not work as intended

Would players be interested in some sort of dual/simul cast of the games on sunday? Thinking we could have 2 people stream at once possibly
But if everyones gonna be playing and not watching theres not much of a point

hahahaha ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
:(
What if the two people streaming were uh
me and then also me
:)
casting 1 game while playing another is a new level of based
you werent there for the era where I unironically was playing and streaming in like 80% of my games i fear
was this back in airwick times?
like seasons 1-4 basically
eventually i just gave up
damn

you see the big thing im going through right now is like
ill stream games
i absolutely will not cast the ones i played in
fair

is 8:15 to give mike time to show?
we can do 8:10 if you want i can draft withoutmike if need be
@Valor viego not poppy!  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/03/24 午後 08:20] carrotburrito confirmed
@Honan it is a viego not a poppy
oki doki

@Honan

ggs
ggs!
ggs y'all!
ggs!
Ggs!
ggs!

@Dean Can we pause at 9:35 tonights game so I can pick up my wife from work?

xd
:joesalute:

@Andromeda GG!
GG WP!
no u  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/03/25 午後 08:39] gruer ggs
gg
ggs

ggs!
GGWP
I think that's the last game of the season
Yay!!!
regular season is over i think yeah
Ggs!
ggs!
woah
GGs all
ggwp
i think we have 2 ties? 1 for first 1 for 3rd
ggs
3rd doesnt matter but its rift sharks  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/03/25 午後 09:37] jeandones 1st does, checking rn
this has got to be the closest top 4 ever
easily
all in good fun, i was on MB a couple seasons ago
as a sub!
and we won the majority of our games with you!
Andromeda gets tiebreaker, 3-2 record vs meta busters  {Reactions} andromeda  [2024/03/25 午後 09:39] nomulus (miss you)
didnt win a series with me noam D:  {Reactions} 😭 (2)  [2024/03/25 午後 09:41] gruer playoffs is double elim this time?
yep!
ill load bracket once we get opponent select done
Awesome change, gonna be an exciting couple weeks!

@Spectres @Andromeda replay files when u get the chance :isforme:
@Arnye

@Valor past few games have been unlucky but the wins due
good format

Attempting podcast @ 5:30 if anyone wants to be on standby to replace mason if he’s eep would be awesome
i probably can

He’s up but wants you to do it

Aight
Ill be on in 1

twitch 2fA gatekeeping us
hold on a sec LMAO

YAYY podcasts are good to watch
true
excited for tonights series

@Noam @Valor sides?
im streaming your game today :D
You're like 30 mins early brother bear
But we're taking red
i like being early
ty ty

@Valor 2 of my players just had to dip for 2 minutes are you okay delaying by a few?
we go
who is it on swain? @Valor

side?
@Honan we're drafting

@Masked Valoran Pirates glhf banger series so far
i am in arnye cosplay
Bust or be busted
I am watching and I do agree
:D

guys
ggwp!
i think my senna might be bannable  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/03/30 午後 10:36] plainbagel26 ggs
spoiler alert
ggs!
ggs
ggs!

sheesh cast is turning into a podcast
frfr
3 hours of screaming
cash vod
you guys are making more work for dean if he decides to edit this one
sorry 😅
can just cut out the last 30 minutes lmao

[LEAKS (UNOFFICIAL)] Stav, member of meta busters, has allegedly broken the "Summoners Code" by performing contrabanded actions on league of legends. The FBI, CIA, and Police should go to his house and investigate him this instant. Have a good evening
/j
What's the statute of limitations

2 minutes

Around when is the awards going to be

STOP EDITING YOUR RESPONSES TO DADD
its "Dad"
pls
ive corrected 8 of them :(
ban it.
@Andromeda
i didnt put this lmao i didnt know it was supposed to be server name, my bad
stanley same scoreline but from japan
its like 80 people lol not just you
say less
just say im mvp already 😉
she has the lightning item :O
aram zeri is easy mode lmao
k-12 league of legends

@Andromeda do you wanna do 8? our conflict went away

works for us

@Rift Sharks @Andromeda can I get rosters filled in tool and side from andromeda?
(can dm me side so i know)
Sorry babe I was asleep
yes i know it's early
Maybe dm me roster instead of Noam ;)
I'm playing trust
i did
oh we have side select?
You got 1st seed bro ofc you have it
yippee!!!!
red side please :)
Let's have a good playoffs game
Gl everyone :D
no u
our roster is in
glhf
draft links? @Stanley
wokring on it
japan ping
@Rift Sharks tell your captain to stop streaming to scrimzone unless he doesn't want me to cast
thanks it worked
lmao
So game is gonna be blind pick ultimate bravery bo5 right @Dean @Stanley
no
@Noam i inv you to lobby  {Reactions} 👍  [2024/04/01 午後 09:50] drdadd ggs everyone! was honestly a close series imo

how to throw 2 6k+ gold leads in 2 hours: a tutorial  {Reactions} 🔥 (2)  [2024/04/01 午後 09:51] arnye GG WP everyone
ggs
gg!

Game 1 MVP - Gruer Game 2 MVP - Honan with honorary mention to Dadd

Podcast/awards probably gonna be early on Thursday?
Will need a cocaster for podcast but going to solo awards
i will be there
surely
what time :isforme:
surely it will not be at 3am for me
Actually yeah I can just wait till mason gets home probably
So like 6:30
7:30 am.... doable....
Idk Thursday is such a bad day for me to have to do shit this week 😭😭😭 scheduling gap frfr
i love waking up -> tune into scrimzone stream true combo
Bot#8380 are you want the vod reviewed  {Reactions} 🙏  [2024/04/03 午前 09:23] teslaplasmabolt yeah

we would love to hahve guests tho

Don’t listen to mason bro is :stirring:
Voting closes in about 24 hours, make sure to get your teammates to vote!
@Meta Busters 3 of y'all are slacking
dean please let me play skarner :kdagrag:

i did mine so 😒
Well idk who didn't!
Except for Teddy I'm pretty sure he didnt

revoke doordash privileges

I already did my part
Unless I can vote twice :hattip:

Oh I’ll do it
Busy work week
Finally got staffed L
This is hongbaabaa erasure :/
Rigged ballots 😦
(I don’t actually care no need to fix it)
But I did play 5 games of adc and am 5-0
Also you can't vote for anyone on your team including yourself lol

Unlucky
Gapped by meta busters availability 😔

@Evan MVP for putting up with me
@Valor hasnt played ADC since season started for a reason
Due to not wanting to be suspended I will not say the reason
@Dad mvp for putting up with me
I agree

he doesnt want to say Im too cool and acoustic for him
My apologies captain. As stated previously in my messages I would be driving across the country which will give me limited availability. But because you were insistent, I have taken the liberty of voting while driving and I can safely say that I am in my hospital bed with no movement of my arms. For our series Sunday, I request that Yuumi be left unbanned so I can play with my feet  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2024/04/03 午後 05:46] foojer Jk
D:

Now we have to ban yuumi goddamnit
1st pick yuumi cooks us (dont tell valor I leaked)
PB gets gapped by yuumi top every time we play flex

I mean his name is foojer
The foot jar is open with this one
?????
@Foojer suing you for copyright infringement

How many hours until awards ceremony

At least 1

Alright that clears some of my schedule
Keep the updates coming

About 9
thank you

From when you asked not from now
Idk why I did it that way
then what time big man
:GunGUn:
9am + 9 hours
So around 6
*6pm
Guau

How long until awards
6 minutes

Another season of award stealing thanks team
Couldnt do it without you
Also I played a game of udyr but Dean highlighted wukong cuz he hates me ig
Goat stands for greatest overrated award thief btw
That's me

Regardless
Congrats everyone
:D
:D
on god
yall all played great this season

the fact masons champ wasnt rammus is insane btw

So whoever wins losers semis then plays against finals loser who then replays finalist?
yeah

@Dean @Valor sides uwu
also im genning roster in 25 minutes so if they aren't accurate by then aint on me
already updated mine

@Rift Sharks @Dean @JoeBiden I would like to report the Rift Sharks for tampering with information as they did not post the results of the game versus Andromeda (M31) I believe there should be punishment (Potentially Gallows) for these actions
that funny bc we were waiting to post until you posted game 3 of your series  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2024/04/04 午後 09:07] jeandones so
um
@potus
#boom
xd
@Joebiden @CIA @FBI
karma
@Masked Valoran Pirates
👍

to be clear @Rift Sharks same people right?
thinking
alr just tell us 🙂
red again
yall same roster?
yup
drago - jar - joel - dean - jacob

darius
sry
i forgot to unhover
@Masked Valoran Pirates
darius
?
yeah
instead of garen
2 times next time is a foul
👎
will fix game 3 :prayge:  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/04/04 午後 10:04] mason_jars guys juust leave udyr up please
im just a guy
@Rift Sharks invite?
ur icing us this is f*uck3d up
Computer gap
jacob games literally exploded
idk what to do
lmao
@Honan you are not playing in this game
please move to spectate
sowwy ;-;

so we have a bit of an issue
the stream has stopped working, the spectator isn't loading
Spectator bug, we cannot stream the game
imagine if riot kept spectator tool functional for more than 2 weeks a year
i jinxed us
its cuz of the pause LMAO
if yall refresh it should be fine
We tried
And we kept on getting errors
ok we will do a no pause game this time
it should be good if we dont pause
if there's no pauses
i mean it doesnt matter now
2nd game needs to be streamed later
i mean having game 3 live would be ideal tho for ppl watching
up to you tho
my comprimise is that i could record the draft so it's not spoiled for chat, and then stream them tmomorrow
obv i quit in the past
streams over already I think
i could xd
you can restart
up to honan I think
fight me god
and so help me if you prove me false
im loading back up

ggs @Rift Sharks
Gg gamers
gg
ggs!
My jungler got robbed for this smh
True
No skarner I sleep
ggwps
great series guys
fun opponents
you got the lower bracket sweep <3
Im slowly wearing down my team
they nearly made PB jungle, and thats my chance
If you ever see a Nunu you know the dream is real
its true

Carrot says an idea and immediately is hit with 4 No's
The nami got through
and I cooked
im gaining ground
even at the end that was clearly a crazy bait
clearly
so good you fell for it 🤷‍♂️
had to sell it by not getting ult off before I died so you really commited
<3

carrot is my GOAT cooker

Im very excited for the series
I just pity the poor saps that are going to go through all the effort and win this series just to lose to my nami in finals 😦

this guy

Well you learned from the best after losing to us game 2 ❤️

I saw how you piloted it and said if we ain’t banning it we’re picking it
I don’t know if I did the champ honor but I was happy with my performance
There were a few spots I noticed that I would've done stuff differently, esp w/ some ults
But overall definitely not bad, esp for only having m4 lmao
I'd be down to watch through the game w/ you and point out some stuff if you want
Nami?! 😭
That champ is kinda doo doo
🧢
I think she was just ok for a bit
I still played her because I'm good at her
But the new W changes are good
yeah if you're experienced/comfortable on a champion its fine
Did you see the new buff?
Reduced E and W damage by a bit but made the bounce falloff better and increased W healing

Gl hf this game
Let's havre a good series
Bot#8380 xd  {Reactions} 🔥 (2) 👎 (2) andromeda  [2024/04/07 午後 06:26] arnye :(
you too!
Hope the loser suffers detrimental emotional damage that carries over to the series against us, but glhf
I have a birthday buff soon but so it's okay if that happens
WHERE IS MY STREAM ??????
@Joebiden @sportscenter

@PB where is mvp vs mtb game 3 .......

Uh oh
ill get it from the vod
Gimme 10 and I can see if it’s in my match history
Look I forget I’m top lane so I need to post them
i get it
you know what i dont get
spectator broken :(
at least its broken in a different way now?
jk this is worse

what happened with spec now?? theres no way it broke again??
>  theres no way it broke again??
surely

gg y'all <3
ggs
GG WP
gg
see you guys in finals
very good games everyone 🙂
Noam is in a MVP cosplay right now
i'm your captain's dad
gg
does it really matter lmao
if my happiness matters to you
then yes
you also didnt spoiler tag anything worth it
if not then that's okay 🥲
it still says || andro in grand finals ||
xd

@Dean your bracket is wrong it doesn’t say MVP 2-0 against MTB in the Losers Finals
🤧

I’d play a solo game to practice and go over that the comp game was kinda winning everywhere which is a bit different than typical nami experience, especially as a more scaling laner. I’d def take u up on that sometime tho

Yeah, bot lane wasn't exactly super relevant to outcome that game lol
Definitely hmu sometime

carrot is about to be the second based nami player in the server

I gotta prove I’m not just a repressed midlaner
Rell and nami are my quest to do so

Don’t forget Soraka

No Soraka is going to force me back to my old ways

Back when he was Tamed Cabbage

That’s kinda fire
I was referring to my hook champ only time
But I guess my first support stuff was just Maokai and Leona for a while
Then I went to pyke panth two trick to climb

To platinum?
I hate pantheon support so much lol

in my two year struggle out of silver

I one tricked sona in S9 to get plat for the first time
It was very skillful

i cannot play that champ
shes hard
i get stressed playing her and cant handle the panic attack
You have to be kidding
Right?
panic attack yes
stress and cant play her no
i actually am scared of touching that champion
How
i just feel like and actually do int
Just face roll QW and you win free
ya well idk
i just cant pilot her
My first mastery 6
gimme an easy champ like seraphine
sona way too hard
Champ is hard in higher elo no
Harder tm
Idk Abt hard
outside of the strangely played supports like bard
or shaco
shes prob top 5 hardest
like understanding if youre playing well or not is so hard
look normally these takes are trolly but i genuinelly cannot pilot sona
Sona is one of the easiest supports all u have to watch Is mana in the early
i WILL NOT touch that champ, and not for moral reasons like Lux or Soraka, i genuinely do not understand how she works
and ive tried
every sona i play against just seems so useless and has no idea what theyre doing
Sona players aren't known for being good
like even I can tell, in emerald, they are obviously not using their champ properly which is not usual
no but like its the only champ that ALWAYS happens on
Sona is so braindead easy
on most champs if someone mains it they know the general idea of how to use their abilities. Sona players dont
Emerald is not a good case study those people eat concrete
its like yuumi if she wasnt invulnerable
She keeps high winrate constantly because she's too boring for people to abuse her
ABUSE?
Literally
my entire champ pool abuses sona
Engage vs enchanter
Ashe? free kills Pyke? Free kills Renata? free kills or at least cs Alistar? Free kills Rell? Free Kills Xerath? Free kills
Taric is the only champ i dont want to play into sona
Your pool is blegh
how so
I have engage options, disengage in tank and enchanter, enchanter options, poke options, its perfect
Sona has positive winrates into preactically all those champs
I know winrate is just numbers and doesn't mean all that much tho
NO SHOT
Your Champs are lame
NO SHOTTTTTTT
u.gg emerald+
alr never mind emerald players are fake
or maybe sona mains that are good are only masters +
itd explain a lot
Stats below diamond don't count
No
nonononono
Like I said she's op
noooooooo way taric counters her that hard
Just boring as shit
Carrot you got the all wrong
She just outscales every champ in the game
Free haste
how tf did i list the one champ that destroys her as the only bad champ into her.
You've got it all backwards
she gets hardstomped in lane by every champ in the game BESIDES TARIC
HOW ARE THESE SONA LOSING TO TARIC
HOW ARE THEY BEATING ASHE
It's almost impressive how u manage to play perfect opposite of statistics
either my knowledge of the game is awful or im just a genius for emerald and beliow
i think its the second
This reminds me of the aatrox vs nasus thing I had with blake
Like i can speak pure facts about emerald meta
Aatrox dogs nasus
Emerald has no meta its pure garbage
if he understands what freezing is
yes but it was very funny to say otherwise

😄
do u still play her?
nope
I want to but she sucks
then u dont count
ur good
sona is just boring
It's too hard to play her when there is so much damage in bot lane currently
hyper carries are in rn
i wouldnt wanna play sona into that
idk maybe ill play it into MVP

😐
Ill pull out the senna
Scrim zone number 1 yapper psycho carrot strikes again
I might have to sneak onto the captain link without valor noticing to get it through but ill do it
or my ashe
Can I have senna?
🙂
if i get my pyke
fs
i love that lane
if i throw like normal its so doomed but if i pop off its so nice
let me consult with my team

handshake supports
honestly
not sure my pyke is worth it anymore
Me and udyr
Champs so mid

have we banned your pyke at all in either of the last 2 series?

I don’t believe so

ya cuz when i pulled it out
my team wished i first timed soraka instead

HEY
THATS MY FIRST ONE TRICK

hate to say it but
wr check?
wtf

xd
My WR on sona was like 63%
but what is it now @hongbaabaa

on which account :p
main

Excited to see the games today. GL to both teams.
💃

I lost all my cred betting on dad #1 support
:(
I would if I could
still 1-2 more games
and even if it doesnt break
happiest i've ever been to lose 7k channel points!  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/04/12 午後 09:10] .jaspr oh i assumed it was per game lmao
@Masked Valoran Pirates we switch teddy for corn
if need 5 min it fine
-noam
please see this 🙂
Thank you sir
ywyw
No no take it back
pls update roster tool
im thanking you
doing now
understood
updated
(pinned) Fun fact, the 3 minute spectator delay was originally tied to ward timers, which are no 2 minutes 30 seconds. Can you guess what the new delay is? Anyway, now you'll be able to spectate  {Reactions} 😔 (2)  [2024/04/12 午後 09:47] jeandones Pinned a message.

gg MVP <3
ggs
gg wp!
ggs!
gg
will send postgame for game 2 after PB sends game 1

Podcast before finals? 🥺 @Dean
Yeah I’m waiting for the series to get scheduled  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/04/17 午後 04:44] jeandones RIP rs vs mvp game 3 😭

i thought the vod existed
one more game in the lost media category
managed to salvage the other ones

News on this?

the news is mason's alarm clock
we need to make it...
bigger

It will happen at some point before the series
Time slot unknown
Bot#8380 :)

Why my sleep schedule catching strays huh

and oh my god i asked noam for the wrong game for andromeda  {Reactions} goodbye  [2024/04/17 午後 10:49] jeandones m31 mtb game 1 void as well

there is no war in scrimzone chat

What war

exactly

Honan taking his gaslighting outside of the team I see

What gaslighting

🥹

Podcast just before the game probably?
Busy ah week only have Sunday set aside for scrims lol
Jk looking forward to it
Bot#8380 reset mechanic  {Reactions} 🔥 (4)  [2024/04/21 午後 02:28] jeandones if anyone wants to cohost with me i think there is a chance mason cannot

prob 6pm
I mean I’d come :3
have you watched any of this season lmao
Yeah
Every game
(I barely even know who’s on my team)
I know Kathy slayed this season
🥰
ok so we're NOT having teddy cohost the podcast
I’m joking I know Kathy didn’t play
Or like barely played
I know things I prommie
neither of those are really true
I'm pretty sure she played the majority of their games
Noam lied to me…
But if you dont know who is on your team and the podcast is about your team ....
and andromeda
which im sure you also know nothing about
literally better for me to solo
I told you that about Alana...
Because you said you were excited to play against Andromeda because you missed your bestie
No I remember that Alana like didn’t play
teddy has shifted into gaslighting gear 6 bro
its over
But I swear there was a moment
Wait what team was Kathy even on
🤣
Also Kathy has 10 total games and Sarv has 21 so she factually has not played in the majority \:)
Sooooo true!
Spectres
Oh
I got kicked off that team 😔
Attitude issues
Had fight with coach
Smashed a keyboard
(This is all fake news)
close to true!
Oh wait did Kathy play ADC games
I'm trolling
wait are you lying to me
Argh Dean has got me once again
shes played 14 games ....
Slay!
Yeah I only checked support that is why I am a troll
No podcast Dean
Give the people what they want
Every player on this server has to 1v1 me
I love a 1v1

@Gruer / @Stanley  and @Noam keep me posted on any updates, I will be casting!
I'm on da train 🚆
not helpful :(
Updates on what
When stuff is in roster tool, any roster changes, draft errors etc
both teams in roster tool
thanks
We are good
side select correct?
Yes
Let's have a good finals everyone! Gl to all!
🫶
❤️

lmk when side is in
waiting to hear back
@Dean in

:icing:

lmk when side is locked
blue

lmk when side!
nvm
draft links i saw
we r r
:icing:

||Game 4 exciting! ||I gotta watch this void tomorrow

ggs!
ggs
gg!
ggs!
gg wp!
SHOULDVE BANNED EM BOTH!
ggwp everyone ❤️
wp
@dean move me pc died

GGs to metabusters
What a series
Also thank you riot for keeping spectator functional for the entire grand finals :)
It’s an even numbered patch so it works
Oh
They break it on the odd patches and fix on the even ones
I see
tell riot to avoid odd numbers then ez
Or just tell them to stop changing spectator
What an insane series tonight. Everyone played so well. I hope it was entertaining for the spectators and props to meta busters for leveling up coming into finals
@Dean thank you for solo casting this very long series as well
Mason and Jackson helped :D
But thanks for making the series so fun to cast
I didnt even feel tired to be honest
i was on the edge of my seat
What a lovely series and season everyone. I'm glad we ended on the season on such a banger.
I'm super proud of my team.
They're the goats.
Also ^ I'm watching the stream back and the cast has been great so far.
I had some rap god moments LMAO

speak for yourself brother i want to go to bed
my circadian rhythm needs to catch up
I def want to watch the cast sometime
Had to watch on mute because in class 😔

you rhythm is 250bpm breakcore

can anyone tell me how bracket format works?
i'm confused about how many games we're playing
@Dean is that correct
This is a sample of how bracket format works
Yes but spoilers
ok but these games have bee played tonight
then the last 2 get played tomorrow
right
No
Entire bracket format played tonight
Which directly determines 1-4 seeding for the games tomorrow
isnt it 1-3 seeding
I thought 4th deam was elim
I mean the team that’s out is 4th

yall were about to be deprived of podcast but our 🐐 remembered @Jar da best  {Reactions} 🐐 (5)  [2024/06/02 午後 10:58] jeandones nvm this mf asleep

pipe bomb time
new podcast bit
live mason waking up cam
Announcement for when goes live? :isforme:
BAKED OR BASED
we are live xd

if anyone has a replay for ddd vs rat on saturday I need it
missing it
@Honan @Avery @Sarvaris @Mythikk @Jonah @Apari @Foojer @Stav  ??
idk who im missing
but
anyone
pls
:))))
checking one sec
aparis got me
ooo
ok

yt vids should be up soon for podcast and bilgewater brawl  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/06/08 午後 05:04] jeandones Everything is up

W Dean

W Dean

W dean  {Reactions} 🇼 (2) 🇩 (2) 🇪 (2) 🇦 (2) 🇳 (2)  [2024/06/09 午後 01:56] hidiri W dean
Why are you all setting the paper on fire
That’s extremely unprofessional
preview of scrimzone when dean finishes the infinity gauntlet
FUCK I HATE THE HEAT

State of Scrims special episodes (beach vlog, game shows) I’m gonna try to edit and air during this season, so hope for extra episodes through the season. If it doesn’t happen get mad at me and I’ll be better xd
I had what is known as the opposite of a hot girl summer so stuff wasn’t getting done as I hoped unfortunately

Dad bod or silly stick

Let’s goooo
Cold boy summer

i hate not knowing numbers
To be clear this is to pb not legoat
it's time

Guys if I win vs Dean he will come to my room and beat me up
Realistically I’m more likely to wager dinner on it

That’s fun
Hunger games fr

@Meta Busters need links and any roster updates pls
jackson out toucini in

Podcast ep tonight!  {Reactions} deanpog (3)  [2024/08/12 午後 04:04] jeandones Gotta watch the game first just got back from a certified *voyage*

Odyssey 2

When

11
Oh cool

good pod minus the slander from jar man
gonna have to get used to it this season i fear
any team i am on gets mercilessly flamed by the jar
Same with me if we ain’t on the same team so
3 of us together is exodia

the four horsemen of getting glazed by mason  {Reactions} missing (2)  [2024/08/13 午前 12:36] killiax noam
pb
dean
gurer

mason would rather drop dead than glaze me what are you on LMAO

^
…
I think I may have the definition of glaze backwards
im not like you young sprigs
glaze refers to riding if i am not mistaken
or similar idea
Correct
O7 i have mental damage this season

the correct list is me myself and I
Every udyr main, since they’re all playing with a “weak and high skill champion” 😦
phreak said so

A well respected member of the balance team

Kathy is conducting biological warfare on me by having Duffy throw up on my floor prior to the series starting
How will this affect lebrons legacy

@Khai u kicked my ass game 2 wpwp  {Reactions} 😌  [2024/08/13 午後 10:37] jeandones ggs all!
ggs @Fruit Cakes
Ggs
ggs!
@Psycho Carrot ur smokin crack
honan is right here
CARROT UR ON METH
@PB @Avery join a call and i can drag
need to hire the dark web assassins for carrot today
^^^^^^
@Dean we will take you for interview
ah damn i had been in the flexers call for a few mins my b
you didnt show up on my screen somehow
mb would have dragged
ay thats just my way of saying yall need to get your damn games in

I am signed up for every single day 😭

You weren’t in the summer :(

@Andromeda yall gotta win i dont wanna do the trash
on it
do the trash anyways
Bro we losing every game :gamer:
don't run away from your problems
fight them
prove to your problems that you are the him you think you are

Hey now ik 2 people on my team
one of them already planning to run it down w me ❤️

can i join in on the fun

GGs @Andromeda
GGs
ggs
ggs
GGs
ggs
me having to play against @Stanley  {Reactions} 😭 (3)  [2024/08/15 午後 10:10] taximanvevo who won and what was game score

||2-0  RS||

Banger cast @Stav @Jacob but you made my headache worse with the Rift Sharks theme ™️  {Reactions} ❤️  [2024/08/16 午前 01:42] jeandones Wait what

I gotta watch it now

I cost Jacob 5 dollars!!!!

also @Stav not to kill your math but its not summing the kdas and averaging them, its summing the kills, deaths and assists and calculating kda from that
So its impossible to calculate just by seeing my kda compared to the overall stat
Also now I have a 28 kda over 2 games :)  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/08/16 午前 03:12] jeandones Also @Jacob both of us did win that game (the blue win is seperate from the individual win values for each player teehee)
fixed now :(
Ah interesting
Glad you liked it :3

were like the Estral
we make the big scene but everyone thinks were going nowhere
little do they know
Bot#8380 q cooldown timers, game starts.
So real scrimblo

why is that sticker called cookielol
theres a caption at the top of it lol
going to delete to be safe!

what sticker
it got deleted but it was just faker doing the shhh

We put 101 Thieves at the bottom of the power ranking and they immediately sign two world class players
oops!
the ol' bait and switch

Theyre both old and washed, dw we wont use em
fr tho I BEEN SAYING 101T IS A THREAT
when stream going live
^
one sec
i make popped corn
excuse me?
D:
you weren't supposed to see that
can't believe you popped me
looks like i can't play tonight
It's okay I helped you out of your shell

@Stav that will be 10 dollars in my paypal thanks
im glad we were able to come to a business arrangement

ggs @Fruit Cakes
ggs
ggs 😌
ggs
ggs

Anyone down to replace mason for podcast tn?
@ 11
What's on the docket
I'm down
Hit me with the addy I'll move in instead of him too
xd lol
cant home duffy unfort
no pet policy 😭
just normal catching up week to week nothing crazy
maybe it makes more sense to wait until wednesday actually
so 101 has a series in
thinking
Bot#8380 of the windows at all asap on august 31, riot games & chromas
this does make sense

Beach vlog for filler?
Yeah I’ll try to edit it tmrw
We will see
Let’s goooo

Edited some of it but its a LOT of footage

Gonna set it to live premier at 11, after the games!
Bot#8380 league of legends receives regular intervals

What’s the beach episode?

A fun romp filled with vibrant sun rays, chill vibes, and ALL the fan service you’ve been *craving*  {Reactions} 🔥 (3)  [2024/08/20 午後 12:59] mason_jars pale otherworldly entity vs the sun

is this like the fanservice episode tf

if dean doesnt get naked ima feel real lied to

BIG LEAK!!!  ||:riftsharks: currently playing Noam Sion ||
||Dean Vex||
||Evan Kogmaw||
||PB Renata||
you heard it here folks
Egad
THEY ARE PRACTICING GUYS
we have to be ready

Anyone casting this series?
me and noam
we gonna be late tho
Epic
@Kathy were gonna be red side
mkay
send draft whenever u can
will do
were still missing 2
were missing one too
Who?
@Dean i put jar on the lease right 😄
what are you talking about
i told kathy my government name is jar
its the name i put on the lease right
This is true I was the lease

dude riot client is FUCKED up

That game one has got me spent
holy moly
who won g1
ur mom!
.
pls spoiler if you send
thanks
im not
that's why i said that
:3
@Kathy who won
spoiler it
@Kathy WOW CARRY!!!
@Kathy we take red again
mk\
Send links honey bunches @Jonah
Smooches
was working on it
I know I just wanted to say that to send you smooches
<3
@Psycho Carrot we building kraken bork right
yo why u in the comms
LOL
:boneshiver:

Wasnt deans similar
ANDROMEDA SUPER UNDERRATED
CAPS LOCK

way better xd
mine for this season are 100% correct rn btw  {Reactions} 🔥  [2024/08/21 午前 01:00] plainbagel26 w beach episode

:)

podcast tn featuring smirnoff ice doctor pepper
we need a podcast tag lmao
@Admins
@Updates ^^^
11pm eastern
oop

podcast delayed sorry forgot to get drinky
:(
will update soon
O
totally not any other reason

1120 is the angle chat 😄
i will be there
deans gotta get his switch sports dailies you understand
Bot#8380 damage to patch, nicole (october 17, and console". archived from the teams.
oh baller
can do
can u pull together a list of sodas and ill make the tier list maker
here lies my GOAT mason jar, forever will he be missed after his tragic 0/17/3 series

I can’t wait to watch the vod and listen to mason tear apart my support’s senna build 😌😌

Yup

We do a lil tomfoolery
God forbid men do anything tbh

on god the senna build was not the issue
we could consider that the pick was but it was literally first pick, to say AD senna doesnt fit into any draft is false
Community Note: This tomfoolery does, in fact, have consequences

what was your KD big boy

@Andromeda how much for no udyr bans cuties
on my knees please
okay  {Reactions} ❔  [2024/08/22 午後 08:09] barisaxxy I think you should let me pick the only champs I know how to play because I'm really cool and nice and I'm like your best friend @Stanley
thoughts?
[maybe i don't know
sorry my finger slipped
ive been betrayed
so if mason gets a second integrity check do they cancel out?
yes
@Dean can you fact check this
only if he does it in the same magnitude opposite direction
so i have to astro gap for it to cancel out
astro gap so hard we have to investigate the other team
LMAO
oh shoot! I forgot to take glacial augment
unlucky

@Andromeda ggs lmao
GGs

GG man!!

@Rift Sharks
YOOOO
I have it on good authority youre not banning pyke right
rigghttttttt
RIGHTHTHTHTTTTT
We dont ban nilah u dont ban pyke
sound good
